Too many cooks spoil the broth: to mean that something does not go well when there are too many ways to do it. The company management had 11 decision makers. No wonder it closed operations since too many cooks spoil the broth
Absence makes the heart grow fonder: to miss and love someone more when they are not around. The couple reunited after almost a year and understood that the absence had made their hearts grow fonder
Honesty is the best policy: being honest is always good and fruitful. The company has high moral standards and has the words "honesty is the best policy" written all over its premises
Grass is always greener on the other side: to think that other's part is better than mine. The lawyer always thought that the grass is greener on the other side and left his profession to become an mba graduate. Guess what? he is still struggling to find a job
Two heads are better than one: to have more than one participant in an activity to make it better. The company engaged with another marketing consultant because it is an important project and two heads are better than one
Familiarity breeds contempt: to start disliking something when one gets to know too much about it. The couple could not stay together long after their wedding because familiarity breeds contempt
There’s no time like the present: right now is the best time. The master chef always told me that there's no time like the present to start working on your signature dish
All good things must come to an end: everything that is deemed nice, ends. The band breaking up was a terrible things but i guess all good things must come to an end
Beggars can’t be choosers: do not ask more or customize what you get when you have got it after asking for it. In this village you are only going to get these many options for furniture. Learn to live it because beggars can't be choosers
A watched pot never boils: if you wait for something to happen it takes longer. I kept waiting for hours near my phone but there was no news from my daughter from the war zone yet because a watched pot never boils
