God helps those who help themselves: to be able to come out of a bad situation by self-help rather than hoping for divine intervention. The businessman refused to help you this time because he realized that you run to him every time you have the slightest difficulty. Please remember that he has a business to run and god helps only those who help themselves
Never look a gift horse in the mouth: it is an advice to be grateful for gifts. My sister got furious when i tried to see how valuable the diamond on the ring she gifted me was and told me to never look a gift horse in the mouth
The early bird catches the worm: it refers to people who arrive earlier are the ones who get the best deals. The admissions in this college get filled in very early. If you really want to enroll your son here then you should remember that the early bird catches the worm
Discretion is the greater part of valour: to be quiet about it after helping someone out. The man i admire the most has always taught me that discretion is the greater part of valour
There’s no place like home: to have an affinity for one's home over every other place. The troops finally retreated and the men get to go home to their families now. There is no place like home
There’s no such thing as a free lunch: to be aware of something that seems free of cost but may have a charge levied in another form. The company has asked the employees to fill in extra work hours this month when the incentive was paid out. There is no such thing as a free lunch
Birds of a feather flock together: to form groups with people with similar interests and tastes. The team is divided into people of the same region batting against the others. Birds of a feather flock together
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer: to keep a keen eye on enemies beyond what one might have on their friends. As a politician you must keep your friends close and your enemies closer
Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst: be optimistic but ready for hard times as well. The tendency these days is to hope for the best, but prepare for the worst. Else in our days we would never be speaking about failing an exam
Fortune favours the bold: it refers to people who face problems with determination and courage are the ones who attain massive levels of success. The guy should have gone all out to achieve his destiny. He would have been married to the love of his life had he showed some courage back then. Fortune favours the bold
