Beauty is in the eye of the beholder: different people have different ideas and views about what is beautiful. I don't see why he finds her attractive, i think she is downright ugly; but, beauty is in the eye of the beholder, as they say
Love is blind: if you love someone, you cannot see the faults in that person. I really don't understand why mia likes chris so much. He's very selfish and inconsiderate; and doesn't even treat her well. Well, love really is blind
Marry in haste, repent at leisure: if you marry someone without knowing the person well, you will later regret your decision to marry. Sally and bob had hardly known each other for a few months before they decided to get married, and now they are having big problems. Marry in haste, repent at leisure!
Love rat: someone, usually a man, who has a secret affair while being in a relationship. I heard bill had an affair with his wife's best friend! what a love rat he is!
Every picture tells a story: scene of happening that explains hidden reality. Shannon is denying but i am quite sure that she had done something wrong, every picture tells a story
Stormy relationship: a relationship with many disagreements. After having a very stormy relationship for around two years, they decided to separate
One stop shop: a store that fulfills various requirements which is preferable by customers. That corner store is a one stop shop for anyone looking for video games
Eat humble pie: to become very humble in behaviour when someone points out a wrong doing by the person. I know for certain that the appliance should not be handled this way but if i turn out to be wrong then i'll eat humble pie
Keep schtum: to be quiet when one knows that if the wrong thing is said then there will be more trouble. I can’t tell you because you will not be able to keep schtum about it
Beyond the pale: something that is not an acceptable way to behave. Nobody will want to be friends with you if you are considered beyond the pale in your social circle
