Love of life: the person who is loved most by someone in all their life. After having spent most of his life being single, he finally found the love of his life at the ripe old age of fifty
Puppy love: a mild infatuation, or a crush. Most teenagers are quick to fall in love and expect it to last a lifetime, but of course it is puppy love and they soon fall out of it
Chew the fat: to have friendly banter for hours on end. I've been meaning to get a hold of my friends from us since quite a while, if i can manage to do that after the party then i'll go and chew the fat with them at our regular hangout
Love nest: a home or place where two people who love each other live. It was rumoured that the boss was having an illicit love affair with one of his subordinates. Apparently, he had set up a love nest a few blocks away from the office where they met everyday after work
Bob’s your uncle: it is said after a set of instructions are provided and one wants to convey that the work will be simple for the other person to do. You add two cups of water to the mix, heat it for five minutes and bob's your uncle, the soup is ready
Born with a silver spoon in mouth: to be born to parents who are rich and have a good social rank. He has never worked hard for anything because he was born with a silver spoon in his mouth. His parents brought everything to him instead
I’ll eat my hat: this is an expression of not believing something very strongly. If you are really able to climb that 8 feet wall by yourself then i'll eat my hat
As nice as ninepence: a place that is very well organized. I was taken aback when i saw that this place is as nice as ninepence
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride: to wish for things does not yield to anything. She told me she wanted to become miss universe and i said, "if wishes were horses, beggars would ride". How else was i to react to such an absurd thing?
Smitten with: suddenly start to like or love someone very much. He is completely smitten with love for her
