Drink like a fish: this phrase means to drink heavily, which becomes worrisome. At any party that he goes, he drinks like a fish. His wife ought to control this if she can
A penny saved is a penny earned: this phrase advises people to be cautious of their money and have savings. Now that he has financial difficulties he will realize that a penny saved is as good as a penny earned
A rolling stone gathers no moss: it is difficult for a wanderer to be able to flourish. It was time for you to settle down at least five years back. You should find a place that you like and build a home there because a rolling stone gathers no moss
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing: gaining some knowledge can make a person believe that they have now become experts in that field. He read about the procedure online and thought he doesn't need the doctor to get it done. Now he will have to stay in the hospital far more than he might have in the first place, a little knowledge is indeed a dangerous thing
A miss is as good as a mile: this phrase points to the fact that regardless of how badly (or not) someone missed the target, it is a miss after all. Although they scored the last goal, that one miss was as good as a mile
A place for everything and everything in its place: this phrase is advisory in nature which talks about things being stacked neatly and should be put back in its place when one is not using that particular item. She is a strict mother and teaches her children to make a place for everything and have everything in place
A nod is as good as a wink: this phrase refers to passing signals to convey a message. this signal can be subtle for those who want to understand it. She wanted to go for the late night party so her friend made up a story about them getting together to study. Funny thing is that she had not said anything to her friend but a nod is as good as a wink between friends
A cat may look at a king: someone who is inferior in any form is not totally restricted in how they behave in front of a superior. Her boss had just entered but she still went on break. This cat looks at the king on a daily basis
A drowning man will clutch at a straw: it refers to the desperate measures that someone in need may make in order to come out of the situation. Although there was no possibility of success he tried his hand at this interview to get a job because a downing man will even clutch at a straw
A little of what you fancy does you good: it is a coveted way of addressing the benefits that one derives out of having sex. He was very happy to work overtime today because he could go home half day on his anniversary. A little of what he wanted has done him good
