A golden key can open any door: the prospect of receiving money will end up in getting any task accomplished. You should tip the reception staff to get a table sooner because a golden key can open any doors
A good man is hard to find: this proverb refers to women who are looking for suitable alliances but aren't able to find them. He has stood by her in all her troubled times. Usually a good man is hard to find but she has done quite well for herself
A friend in need is a friend indeed: used for a person who helps at the time of a requirement is a true friend. He stayed with me throughout the time i was in the hospital, a friend in need is a friend indeed!
X factor: an outstanding extraordinary ability. This is the right time to invest in gold and real estate. It may turn out to be an x-factor
Fate worse than death: it means to have to suffer through ordeal that makes a person prefer death over going through it again. Even after she got the surgery done she was in pain for weeks. It was a fate worse than death
Have never had it so good: it literally means what it says, that is, a person has not had better of whatever it is that is being discussed before. You should not have broken up with her. You have never had it so good with anyone else
Man’s best friend: it refers to animals that are of use to human beings, mostly used to address dogs. When his dog died he cried for many days in the memory of his only best friend
Dish fit for the gods: this refers to food that is of an exemplary quality. She is such a wonderful cook. The cakes that she bakes are dish fit for the gods!
Call of the wild: it talks about nature appealing to a person. How could he hurt her like that? he has always been so nice, talk about the call of the wild!
Fish rots from the head down: it refers to failing organizations and how the blame of it should be on its 'head' that is its leadership. The company was bound to be closed sooner or later considering the kind of mangers that they had hired. A fish rots from the head down after all
