A hot potato: a controversial issue or situation that is awkward or unpleasant to deal with. The subject of bullying and fighting in my school is a hot potato
Piece of cake: something that is easy to do. Learning english is a piece of cake as long as you do it with our website
Once in a blue moon: very rarely. I go to visit my grandfather only once in a blue moon; he lives in a remote farm house
A bed of roses: easy option. Taking care of my younger sister is no bed of roses; she is very silly
Raining cats and dogs: raining very heavily. I wanted to go to play outside, but it was raining cats and dogs yesterday
When pigs fly: something that will never happen or is impossible. William will keep quiet only when pigs fly
Devil's advocate: one who presents a counter argument. Hey jack! you're always playing devil's advocate! give it a rest and mind your own business
Miss the boat: miss the chance. Peter wanted to enter the drawing competition, but he was too late to enter, and he missed the boat
Apple of eye: someone very precious or dear. Every kid in the world is the apple of their parents' eye(s)
Zip your lip: to stop talking. I don't want to hear another sound out of you. Now do as you're told and zip your lip
Lone it: to do an activity alone. They asked him to go to the movies, but he decided to lone it
Burst the bubble: the sudden end of a very happy or successful period. She looked so happy about getting married that her sister just couldn't burst the bubble
Close call: a narrow escape from disaster. It was quite a close call, but my father managed to avoid hitting the animal that ran across the highway
Cat among the pigeons: do or say something that causes trouble and make a lot of people angry or worried. The foreigner put the cat among the pigeons when he made some sensitive comments about the people's religion
Go out on a limb: do or say something that is different from most other people. During an analysis of the news, he went out on a limb and expressed an opinion opposite to that held by the general public
View all idioms
