Under the weather: to be ill or feel ill. I did not go to work today, as I was feeling a bit under the weather
Don’t put all your eggs in one basket: don't make everything dependent on one thing. It would be better if you applied to several companies instead of just one; don't put all your eggs in one basket
Drastic times call for drastic measures: extreme circumstances can only be resolved by equally extreme actions. After the company had posted losses for the third consecutive year, the board decided to replace all of its top management. After all, drastic times call for drastic measures
Don’t give up the day job: a usually humorous way of telling someone not to pursue something full time as he or she is not good at it. I watched your performance at the theater today. My advice is don't give up your day job
Cut the mustard: to succeed. My neighbor had applied for the post of architect in a big project, but did not cut the mustard
Devil’s advocate: one who presents a counter argument. I agree with what you say, but i'll play devil's advocate so that we can cover all the possibilities that may arise
Don’t count your chickens before they hatch: do not count on something that has not yet happened. Before committing to make the payment, wait till you receive the money from the bank. Don't count your chickens before they hatch
Turn the tables: change your position with respect to someone else. After flying back to town I went to jenna's place uninformed to surprise her & to my amaze she had already planned a party to welcome me. I should have known she is smart enough to turn the tables
Tall poppy: a privileged or distinguished person. Recently a party was hosted in the city where all the tall poppies were invited to raise charity for clean shelters in suburbs
In tandem: one after another. He often works in tandem with an engineer, one coding for the website and the other taking care of website design
Part brass rags: quarrel and break off friendship with someone. Both of them parted off rags with each other after a misunderstanding between them due to the other person
Read the riot act: warning someone by scolding them to improve their behavior. She'd been bearing bad behavior from her employee and thought it was time to read him the riot act
Ray of sunshine: someone or something that brings hope into the lives of others. Amid the sorrow her son had been a real ray of sunshine
Not playing with a full deck: not mentally sound. With the number of silly remarks he comes up with, I wonder if he's not playing with a full deck
A picture is worth a thousand words: a picture conveys information more effectively than words. A good presentation should contain more of graphics and less of text, since a picture is worth a thousand words
Pull the wool over eyes: to deceive someone. I'm not as dumb as you think; don't try to pull the wool over my eyes
See eye to eye: to agree fully with someone. Though they work as a team, they often don't see eye to eye on most issues
Sit on the fence: delay or avoid making a decision or choice. Has he decided which offer he is going to accept or is he still sitting on the fence?
Make a long story short: abbreviate a long explanation into a short one. Cut a long story short
Miss the boat: miss a chance. The discounted price sale ended today and I just missed the boat on making a great deal
Dog tired: very tired. Now, I am dog-tired after three days of the journey
Throw to the wolves: to sacrifice someone to save the rest. Don’t try to throw my brother to the wolves. I’ll tell the fact about the entire issue.
Dog’s life: a very unhappy and unpleasant life. I’ve got to go to the market, then cook a meal, then pick Davis up from the airport – it’s a dog’s life.
Dog in the manger: one who prevents others from enjoying something despite having no use for it. Stop being such a dog in the manger and let your sister ride your bike if you're not using it
Dog eat dog: a very competitive world. The only rule of the marketplace was dog-eat-dog
In the dock: under intense scrutiny. The accused stood in the dock through the entire proceeding.
Dos and don’ts: rules about what you must do and what you must not do in a specific condition. In the back of the guide there’s a list of the dos and don’ts of local etiquette.
Do or die: a situation in which you must take a big risk in order to avoid failure. A do-or-die attempt to halt the invaders
Divide and conquer or rule: win by getting one’s opponents to fight among themselves. They used divide and rule strategy to weaken their opponents.
Treat like dirt: behave someone very badly without respect. My boss treats all his employees like dirt
Strive to do: to try very hard to achieve. This is perhaps the only politician that I have come across who strives to do what he promised
None of your lip: to ask someone to stop speaking. You have broken the window panes while the mother is not home now. I want none of your lip, and you will help me clean this out before she is back
Take effect: to come into being. The notice takes effect immediately and so you have to vacate the house right now.
Time and again: to be repeated very often. The children have been explained this sequence time and again but just refuse to follow suit.
Back to the wall: to be in a difficult situation. They have him with his back to the wall and now he has no more options but to pay back the debtors or go to jail for fraud
Within earshot:to be able to hear something or someone. She was within earshot when you started discussing her cooking and felt very motivated that you liked her food.
Concern with: involved with. The company has no concern with how he keeps up after he has resigned.
Comb through: to check thoroughly. The police combed through their house after the income tax authorities left the building
Chill to the bone: to get frightened or scare somebody. The movie they played on cable last night gave me a chill to the bone. I will not be watching a night time movie any time soon
Keep on top
Take a hike: go away. We're all sick of you saying the same things over and over again. Why don't you just take a hike?
Just what the doctor ordered: exactly what the doctor ordered. I was so hungry, and that meal was absolutely delicious! it was just what the doctor ordered
Blow your own trumpet: to say things that makes your own self or kin look good. The crew tried to blow their own trumpet but the manager did not buy their story
Tear-jerking: a story that is purposefully sentimental. This movie is a total tear-jerking for anyone who has lost a parent
Spine-tingling: to be very horrific. The movie has the most spine-tingling end that you would never be able to guess
Has-been: to have had a wonderful past but no present or future in the field. The company is now just a has-been
Page-turner: a thrilling book. The book is a page-turner and now I cannot take a break until I complete reading it
Household name: to be very popular. The character is a household name because people are able to identify with the struggles that he faces
The last thing I want: I don't want. The report showed up all the flaws in the project, and that was the last thing I wanted!
Do justice to: to speak of or otherwise show a person or thing in its true light. Your plan is excellent - it really does justice to all of the ideas we put forward
Die hard: disappear or change very slowly, take a long time to cease to exist or be dropped from consideration.. Die hard boarders are snatching up second homes here, but so far it has managed to stay affordable.
Give the devil his due: give credit to an opponent's merits, grudgingly or not. I don't like what the new management has done, but give the devil his due, sales have improved
Between the devil and the deep blue sea: between two equally difficult or unacceptable choices. Trying to please both his boss and his wife puts him between...
Have designs on: contrive a secret plot or scheme, especially with selfish motives. I think she has designs on my science project for the purpose of...
Deliver the goods: do what is required. So far the team's new player has failed to deliver the goods. He failed to open his account in his first three games
Get a raw deal: unfair treatment. She got a very raw deal in terms of his father’s will: everything was left to her younger sister.
Fall on deaf ears
Over my dead body: in no way, under no circumstances. You will go on a date with my sister over my dead body!
Dead and buried
Day of reckoning: the time when an unpleasant situation has to be dealt with. Ignoring the study near exams will definitely bring you the day of...
Miles to go before I sleep: you have a lot to do before you can rest. We need to get all of these files completed before anyone leaves. There are miles to go before I sleep
Fat chance: when there is little or no chance of something happening. Did you really think that he would show up to work the day after a long weekend? fat chance!
Point out: to identify something within a group. I have to go to the office to point out the person that keeps jamming the printer
Take it on the chin: this is a boxing metaphor meaning don't shy away from difficulty. You're going to have to take it on the chin when your father gets home and sees what you've done
You can’t teach an old dog new tricks: you cannot make others change their habits. I tried to make my grandmother learn how to use a smartphone but it was just like you can't teach an old dog new tricks
The best is yet to come: whatever is happening now will be surpassed by something better in the future. I am glad that you are enjoying your holiday,the best is yet to come
Give a shot: to have a try at something. I have never eaten sushi, but I will give it a shot
Take turns: to alternate doing something. I understand that everybody wants to try driving, but you will have to take turns
High roller: a wealthy person or company who spends their money in a risky way, often by making risky investments that can offer large rewards. I would never invest money in their company. They are high rollers and I cannot afford that kind of risk
Cut the crap: a very crude way of telling someone to stop doing something that you do not like. Please cut the crap and tell us what really happened at his birthday party
Axe to grind: have a private or selfish reason for doing something. He should not become the chairman of the committee as he has too many axes of his own to grind
Adam’s ale: water. It is blistering hot outside, I could really do with an iced cold glass of adam's ale
Keep at arm’s length: keep distance from something or somebody. I like to keep my office colleagues at arm's length outside of office. I don't want them in my personal life
In the ascendant: to become more powerful. The jones' have been in the ascendant ever since the 1800's. They are now the most influential family in the united kingdom, after the queen's own of course
Have been around
Armed to the teeth: heavily and formidably armed, usually with deadly weapons. The alleged tax-defaulter was ready for all their questions, and armed to the teeth with proof of his innocence
As and when: at the time when (used to refer to an uncertain future event). Most people in this city don't own a car - they just rent one as and when they need it
Up in arms: angry. My mom was up in arms about the new salary cuts rumoured to be put in place
Long arm of the law: the extensive influence of the authorities. It is not easy for criminals to escape the long arm of the law in a developed country like united kingdom
Seal of approval: an official sign of approval. The government finally agreed to give the new pension policy its seal of approval
Make a mountain out of a molehill: magnifying the content. You are just making a mountain out of a molehill, you just gave a wrong answer, it doesn't mean you're not going to qualify to the second round
Dead as a doornail: becoming obsolete. The flowers are all dead as a doornail
Dead in the water: unable to produce movement. Their company is trying to revive an income that is dead in the water
Rule out: to exclude out something. Rule out each and every word from the application which you don’t want the principal to read
As a result: the outcome of something that you have done. As a result of this mishap, he was not on work for a week
Spend a fortune: spend a small fortune. Do not spend a fortune on the gifts to make others happy
Black day: it is a day on which something terrible has happened. My grandmother told me that it is a black day tomorrow
Fake it till you make it: portray yourself like the person you always wanted to become. I had no idea that her family is so illiterate as she always pretended to be classy. Fake it till you make it
Six of one, half a dozen of the other: comparison between the two things which are identical. If I go north or south, I will turn up at the same location. It is six of one, half dozen of the other
Out of business: out of operational conditions. If we keep on selling our goods at the same price, we will soon go out of business
Set off: to start a journey. We would like to set off for paris by 10 o'clock tomorrow morning
Catch up: to get to the same level, standard, or status as something or someone. Singapore is trying so hard to catch up with japan when it comes to technological advancements
You’re on: used to accept a challenge or bet. Max: I challenge you to join me in my 100km run this month. Samuel: you're on!
Put the brakes on: to stop or slow down an activity. The economic situation is not looking good because of brexit and this making the prime minister put the brakes on international investments
Easy does it: used to tell someone to go ahead with something with slowly, and carefully. Sandra: I asked him for a simple drawing! to be honest, I am so angry right now. Andrew: easy does it, sandra. We will make sure he refunds the money
Mark my words: used to let someone know to pay attention to what you are saying because it is very important especially when you are certain something would happen in future. Mark my words, she won't regret taking me up on my offer
Pie in the sky: used to portray or refer to something that is lovely to consider however is probably not going to happen. Her dream of wanting to move to london to become a famous singer is a pie in the sky if you ask me
Easter egg: a decorated or dyed egg usually given to children at easter. While scrolling down the menu of grand theft auto v, I happened upon an easter egg
Out of the frying pan into the fire: to go from a bad to worse situation. In a bid to gain independence, she agreed to get married early, not knowing she was jumping out of the frying pan into the fire
Act of god: an occurrence of out of control natural forces in action. No matter how strong you are but you can't stop the acts of god
Do the trick: successfully achieve a result. If nothing seems to be working, just pray to the god, sometimes that does the trick
Deals with: be concerned with something. We will have to plan our strategy to deal with the rising incident of theft
Just deserts: get what one deserves. After the supervisor was suspended, many workers felt that he got his just deserts
In high dudgeon: feeling or exhibiting great resentment. After the scuffle, the man who was affronted left in high dudgeon
Dribs and drabs: in small irregular quantities. The checks for the charity are coming in dribs and drabs
Drop a bombshell: make an unexpected, startling or disturbing announcement. My sister dropped a bombshell by announcing she was discontinuing her study for a job
Double whammy: situation where two bad things happen at the same time. Boss fired me from the job and I lost my wallet too, what a double whammy?
On the dot: exactly on time. We were asked to be there at five on the dot
Dead end: a street, corridor, road, pipe etc., that has no exit. The interlocutors have reached a dead end in their efforts to discover a peaceful solution to the imbroglio
Deja vu: already seen (literal meaning in french). She suddenly had a strong sense of déjà vu
Bona fide: to be genuine, verified. The text on this website is bona fides, always
As bold as brass
Blue blood: a member of an upper-class family. The new student is very arrogant because his blood is blue
A wet blanket: person who spoils other people’s fun. She was indisposed so she decided to skip the party, not wanting to be a wet blanket...
Bird of passage: a transient. She moves out nearly every year; she's a true bird of passage
Between you and me
Butterflies in stomach: to feel very nervous and restless. He had butterflies in his stomach as he walked out onto the stage for his dance performance
Give a wide berth: avoid somebody; keep away from somebody. He has fallen out with her adviser and has been giving her a wide berth for a couple...
Turn back on: choose not to speak to. The client has been given a commitment, we cannot turn back on the project now even if it means working for extra hours
Let bygones be bygones: what's done is done. The two international rivals shook hands and agreed to let bygones be bygones
God helps those who help themselves: to be able to come out of a bad situation by self-help rather than hoping for divine intervention. The businessman refused to help you this time because he realized that you run to him every time you have the slightest difficulty. Please remember that he has a business to run and god helps only those who help themselves
Never look a gift horse in the mouth: it is an advice to be grateful for gifts. My sister got furious when I tried to see how valuable the diamond on the ring she gifted me was and told me to never look a gift horse in the mouth
The early bird catches the worm: it refers to people who arrive earlier are the ones who get the best deals. The admissions in this college get filled in very early. If you really want to enroll your son here then you should remember that the early bird catches the worm
Discretion is the greater part of valour: to be quiet about it after helping someone out. The man I admire the most has always taught me that discretion is the greater part of valour
There’s no place like home: to have an affinity for one's home over every other place. The troops finally retreated and the men get to go home to their families now. There is no place like home
There’s no such thing as a free lunch: to be aware of something that seems free of cost but may have a charge levied in another form. The company has asked the employees to fill in extra work hours this month when the incentive was paid out. There is no such thing as a free lunch
Birds of a feather flock together: to form groups with people with similar interests and tastes. The team is divided into people of the same region batting against the others. Birds of a feather flock together
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer: to keep a keen eye on enemies beyond what one might have on their friends. As a politician you must keep your friends close and your enemies closer
Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst: be optimistic but ready for hard times as well. The tendency these days is to hope for the best, but prepare for the worst. Else in our days we would never be speaking about failing an exam
Fortune favours the bold: it refers to people who face problems with determination and courage are the ones who attain massive levels of success. The guy should have gone all out to achieve his destiny. He would have been married to the love of his life had he showed some courage back then. Fortune favours the bold
Make sense: to be able to reason something out. The presentation did not make sense at all. It was way off the topic
Building blocks: something that is a basic element (of the subject). The building blocks of success, in my view, come from perseverance and hard work
Brought forward: to bring forth. The meeting has been brought forward by the board and we have to start preparing for it right away
Kill time: to wait for something by doing something or nothing. The team was killing time at the stadium before it was their turn to play
Surgical strike: to cause injury or damage to the intended targets. The surgical strikes that the indian army carried out in the year 2016 were an example of the strength that they hold. The enemy better not mess around here
Take breath away: astonish; surprise; amaze or astound somebody. The ring literally took my breath away. There was a monster of a diamond on it
Made it: used to indicated the completion of a task. "it is so amazing that you made it because we heard that it was a very difficult task."
You bet: for sure. The manager will pull this deal off. You bet on something else about him because this is definitely happening
Come what may: anything happens; whatever come about. The girl has decided to marry him come what may. She will proceed even if her entire family is against her decision
You’ve got to be kidding: implies that something that someone said is a joke. Dan said. "i got a job as an associate professor in the university! wow!" tina replied. "you've got to be kidding!"
All greek to me: used to convey that you cannot understand what is being said or written. Don't try to explain the technicalities of how this machine works; it would be all greek to me
All bark and no bite: threatening, aggressive, but not willing to engage in a fight. I heard he has threatened you with dire consequences if you don not stop that construction. Don't worry, he is all bark and no bite
Toss-up: a situation where the result is unclear and can go either way. They had a tough time selecting the team for the big match. In the end, it was a toss-up between having the most experienced players and having a youthful team full of raw energy
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush: what you already have is more valuable than the prospect to have something greater. You may not like your job, but don't quit merely on the hope of finding a better one. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
Ask out: invite someone to go out, especially on a date. When he finally asked her out, she readily accepted, and very soon they were dating on a regular basis
End of story: there is  nothing more to add to the matter under discussion. I did not invite her because I did not want her to come to my party. End of story
Joined at the hip: two people who are inseparable. Chris and jenny have been joined at the hip since they started dating each other a year ago. You would never see one without the other
Dog days: hot, sultry days. During the dog days of summer, people prefer to remain indoors and go out as little as possible
Hard cheese: bad luck, tough luck. The construction workers have a tough time out there, working continuously in the sweltering heat. It's really hard cheese for them
Salad days: the time of youth, innocence and inexperience. They had met in their salad days and had fallen in love. Naturally, the union did not last long and they separated a few years later
Baby blues: the depression that is caused to new mothers after childbirth. Do not speak to her in a rude tone, she is just going through some baby blues right now and needs compassion from you
Cold turkey: in a unexpected and sudden way. He had been trying to quit smoking since a year but couldn't, so he decided to go cold turkey
Sit tight: wait patiently. Just relax and sit tight, we'll get the problem sorted for you
A bunch of fives: this phrase refers to the human fist where the bunch of fives literally point out to the five digits. The two enemy groups in the college this time came together for a fight with nothing but their bunch of fives
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link: this proverb means what it states, literally. No matter how confident the cheer-leading group is in carrying out the human pyramid gig, the team is only as strong as its weakest link
Ginger up: to cheer up a group or any activity. As soon as they heard about the picnic - the children in the class gingered up
As mad as a hatter: it refers to someone being completely crazy. The way he dressed for the event, he must be as mad as a hatter
Name is mud: it means that the person is extremely unpopular. If you keep hanging out with the local goons then soon your name will be mud too
Lose touch: fail to keep in contact. Michelle was my best friend at the university. But over the years we've lost touch
Scratch back: do someone a favour hoping that a favour will be returned. I don't mind helping him out this time, he's scratched my back many times
Go the extra mile: to make an extra effort. When it comes to weaker students, the teacher goes the extra mile to help them understand
Hang in there: wait, be patient till things work out. Our company is going through tough times, but we're hanging in there; things will surely work out
Come out swinging: be confrontational. The government came out swinging against the oppositions charges of corruption during the debate
Shoot from the hip: speak directly or bluntly, without caring for consequences. Even if you don't agree with your boss' ideas, don't shoot from the hip. It won't augur well for your growth
Tar with the same brush: to think that somebody has the same bad qualities as others in a similar surrounding. Though the impression is that all government officials are corrupt, some of them are quite honest; its not fair to tar them with the same brush
Go down in flames: to fail spectacularly. The company went down in flames after reports came out that it had been financing illegal activities
Cut somebody some slack: give additional freedom to someone. I know he is not up to the mark right now but let's cut him some slack. He's new to this environment and needs time to adjust
Leave no stone unturned: do everything that is possible in order to achieve something. The chief of security said that his team would leave no stone unturned in nabbing the miscreants
Your guess is as good as mine: I don't know. If you want to know which one is the best of these movies, well, your guess is as good as mine
Pull yourself together: to calm down and behave normally after an upsetting event. I know its difficult to get over your loss, but try to pull yourself together and get on with life
Pop the question: propose marriage to someone. I heard you had a special date with tom yesterday; so did he pop the question, then?
Double date: a date on which two couples go together. When jim and sam went on a double date with their girlfriends, they had a fun evening together
Those three little words: the three words "i love you". It is obvious that steve really loves sarah, but she told me that he has not said those three little words yet
Walk out on: end a relationship with someone suddenly. Everyone was shocked when he walked out on his wife of fourteen years and their two beautiful children aged ten and seven
Leave at the altar: decide not to marry someone at the very last moment. Judy was devastated when her fiance did not turn up for their wedding and left her at the altar
Break up | split up: end a romantic relationship with someone. After having been married for eight years, their decision to break up came as a huge surprise to their friends
Kiss and make up: to become friendly again after an argument. After having a heated argument the previous night, the young couple kissed and made up and decided to settle their differences amicably
Wear heart on sleeve: display your emotions openly. It was evident that he was in love with her. He wore his heart on his sleeve and you could see how he felt about her
Let your heart rule your head: do something based on emotions rather than logic. I think it would be unwise for you to be in a relationship with him; he is a known womanizer. Don't let your heart rule your head
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder: different people have different ideas and views about what is beautiful. I don't see why he finds her attractive, I think she is downright ugly; but, beauty is in the eye of the beholder, as they say
Against the grain: a difficult path to be followed. It is against the grain for me to tackle dishonest people
Music to ears: something that is soothing to your ears. Our teacher told us that we will get a long summer break and this was just music to my ears
Apples to apples: having a fair comparison between the two things. To find out who is stronger is the apples to apples measure their capability to win the first prize in the field of olympics
By chance: something which was not planned to happen. He told himself that it was by chance so as to bring peace to his mind
Take for granted: to underestimate the value of something or someone. I took the weather for granted when I lived in america. Now I am struggling to get used to the cold
Mind your own beeswax: do not interfere into someone else's matter. I am not asking for your opinion, mind your own beeswax
Walking on air: to be very happy (elated). I have been walking on air since I found out that I have been awarded a scholarship to study music
Lean towards: to be interested in something. I am not sure which couch would look best in our house. I am leaning towards the blue one. What do you think?
Chill pill: something that has a relaxing outcome. Can someone please tell matthew to take a chill pill? we will be on time for the party
Bundle up: to dress warmly to protect oneself from the elements. It is important to bundle up before you go out to keep from getting cold
The other side of the coin: the opposite aspect, contrasting arguments. The other side of the coin is that less working hours will get you a...
Cock and bull story: complicated, ridiculous, or unbelievable story. She started to tell some cock and bull story to the police officers about how she found a huge bag containing 5 pounds of gold
Cloud nine: very happy. She's been on cloud nine since she heard the news of her engagement
Out of the closet: go public about something private or hidden. He was in his late teens when he came out of the closet
Closed book
Clear the decks
Clean sweep: an irresistible victory. The forecasters are predicting of making a clean sweep for the ruling party in the approaching election
Make a clean breast: confess completely. While wedged stealing in super market, robert daniel decided to make a clean breast of it to the owner of...
Come clean: to make a disclosure. The guy came clean after the police had started their investigation about the robbery
Round the clock: continuously or interrupted. The counselor has been working round the clock with patients. His dedication has been acknowledged by the hospital through this award
Make all the difference: influence someone or something in a positive way. It will make all the difference when a mother phone calls their daughter before they head out for an interview
Under the auspices: under the protection, sponsorship, or patronage. We restored the home under the auspices of the historical society
Look on the bright side: always try to see the good things even in bad situations. Don't worry about your exam score; look on the bright side. It is a significant improvement from the previous exam
Big brother: a large organization or government agency that tries to control all aspects of human life and society. You need to aware of everything you do around here. Big brother sees everything
In broad daylight: during the daytime. Politicians strongly condemn corruption and nepotism during political rallies, yet they go ahead and misuse public resources in broad daylight
The buck stops here: the responsibility for a situation or a problem with somebody. The buck stops with
Cut the cord: to end a connection with someone. In order to achieve true independence, developing countries must cut the cord and stop asking for financial aid from the developed countries
Sponger, sponging, sponge off: someone who scrounges from others. Josh has turned up at my house three times this week just as i'm cooking dinner. What a sponger!
Call bluff: to challenge to prove one's claim, when they are likely attempting to deceive. When the employee threatened to quit if he was not given a pay rise, the boss called his bluff
Hit the road: depart. We'd better pack the car and hit the road before it gets dark
Miss the boat: miss a chance. The discounted price sale ended today and I just missed the boat on making a great deal
Method to madness: a purpose in doing something that is seemingly crazy. You may be thinking that I have gone crazy, but there's a method to my madness
All ears: saying that you are all ears means the other person has got your full attention in terms of listening to him. Kids in my class were all ears when I was telling them the story
Queensberry rules: standard rules of polite or acceptable behavior. It was ensured by the police that both the parties adhered to the queensberry rules during their hearing session in the high court
Qui vive: on the alert or lookout. Their duty requires most of the soldiers to be on the qui vive at the siachen of kashmir india battlefield
Rack your brains: put great effort to think of or remember something. I have been racking my brain all day trying to think of place where I kept my car keys
Live at rack and manger: in between plenty and abundance. He is been living at rack and manger since the time he joined his new job as a manager
Let sleeping dogs lie: its best to leave a situation as it is if disturbing it might cause trouble. As eliza was in good spirits that morning, andy decided not to bring up the argument they had last night. It was best to let sleeping dogs lie
Kill two birds with one stone: accomplish two different things at the same time. I have to go to the bank, and on the way back, i'll pick up the groceries as well, killing two birds with one stone
Balancing act: an action that needs a fine balance between different conditions or wishes. A working woman in our country has to constantly perform a balancing act between excelling in her career and taking care of the family
Close call: a narrow escape from disaster. It was quite a close call, but my father managed to avoid hitting the animal that ran across the highway
Cat among the pigeons: do or say something that causes trouble and make a lot of people angry or worried. The foreigner put the cat among the pigeons when he made some sensitive comments about the people's religion
Go out on a limb: do or say something that is different from most other people. During an analysis of the news, he went out on a limb and expressed an opinion opposite to that held by the general public
Bury the hatchet: make peace and end a quarrel, settle one's differences to become friends again. After many quarrelling years, the two political parties finally decided to bury the hatchet
All hell will let loose: a situation suddenly becomes noisy and violent, usually with a lot of people arguing or fighting. All hell will let loose when the caged animals break out of their cages
In cold blood: in a cruel way and without pity or other emotion. One young lady was shot dead in cold blood inside the premises of the shopping complex
Know on which side bread is buttered: know what is to one's advantage. She's far too clever to irritate her employer as she knows which side her bread is buttered on
Recharge one’s batteries: take a break or holiday to relax and regain one's vim and vigour. After all of this hard work, set some time aside to recharge your batteries
Pass the buck: passing blame to another person. That particular supervisor tends to pass the buck of all light duties to newly hired interns
Make all the difference: influence someone or something in a positive way. It will make all the difference when a mother phone calls their daughter before they head out for an interview
Make do: to cope with something even though the circumstances are not ideal. I will make do without all of the research and send you a proposal by the end of the day
Leg it: an informal way of telling someone to run in order to evade capture. We were trespassing on their property. When the alarm went off we had to leg it or we would be caught
Snow under: to bury or cover something or somebody in the snow (literal meaning). I feel snowed under with all the work my boss keeps throwing my way
Last long: existing or persevering for a significant amount of time. The debate on whether man and woman were created equal has been long-lasting and significant
Next of kin: close relative. We cannot release the names of the soldiers killed at the battle of normandy until we've informed their next of kin
Fall from grace: to lose status, respect or prestige. The economic and finance minister's fall from grace gave her detractors great satisfaction
Go with the flow: to do what other people are doing in any particular situation. Kevin didn't want to be part of the protest, but all his friends wanted to stand for something, so he chose to go with the flow
Neck and neck: extremely near one another. The two athletes have been neck and neck for this entire race
Under the radar: off the radar. They managed to stay under the radar for years, after stealing all that money from their friends
Get your goat: irritate somebody. She got my goat the moment she said my mother was no good at parenting
Zero-sum game: to be in a situation where the outcomes can either be to win or to lose. The budget division is a zero-sum game
A voice crying in the wilderness: to say something that is not popular. The tales are interesting if you are into that kind of thing but for me it is like listening to a voice crying in the wilderness
At the drop of a dime: something that can happen very fast without hesitation. The play can begin at the drop of a dime, you just need to say the word
Time after time: to repeat something. The narrator repeated her name time after time in the story but I could not understand her connection with the plot until the very end of the story
Roll the dice: to gamble or take a chance on something or someone. The bartender decided to roll the dice and use rum for the cocktail since they were out of gin
Sitting duck: to be an easy target. The fact that she had no backup plan in case she got caught made her a sitting duck
Throw the baby out with the bathwater: to remove something good in the bid of getting rid of something bad. Janet quitting her job because her ex started working there is a classic example of throwing out the baby with the bathwater
Skating on thin ice: to do something considered quite dangerous or risky. Sebastian using all his savings to buy blue chip stocks is definitely skating on thin ice
Playing second fiddle: to play a secondary or minor role with regards to someone else. Sheila was determined to be the star of the show and she was not going to play second fiddle to anyone
Mend fences: to try and improve a bad relationship with another party. After the nasty fight with her sister, alice decided to mend fences by buying her sister some presents
Takes two to tango: certain actions or activities cannot be performed alone - they  need two people to participate. Don't blame me for the argument. It takes two to tango! you are equally responsible
Hit the nail on the head: be accurately right about something. Stephen hit the nail on the head when he said that what the company was lacking in was clear vision and focus
Hit the sack: to go to bed. I am really tired after all that exercise. I am going to hit the sack
In the heat of the moment: saying or doing something without thinking due go anger or excitement. He really didn't mean what he said about you. He said it in the heat of the moment
Wash hands of: abandon taking responsibility for someone or something. That job did no good to me. I washed my hands of it few months back and joined another one
Warn off: inform someone forcefully to stay at a distance. The board was placed near the manhole to warn off the kids from playing there
Make a virtue of necessity: extract something beneficial from an unwelcome obligation. It's was a long journey from delhi to australia so I thought I would make a virtue of necessity and write some articles that had to be submitted to the magazines
Viper in bosom: a person who deceives you after receiving help from you. I got my friend a good position in my company and all he did is convinced my manager to get him the designation I had in the project. He was no more than a viper in my bosom
Far cry from: something that is very different from something else. The apartment they live in now is a far cry from the huge mansion they once used to have
Hear on the grapevine: to hear rumours about something. I heard on the grapevine that he was being promoted, but I don't know anything further
To a t: done precisely. The announcement of chief guest's arrival at the school annual function was timed to a t
Monkey business: silly act. I want to sleep. Stop disturbing me by your monkey business
Accidentally on purpose: performing an action intentionally and pretending to either oneself or to the world that as an accident. I hate this flower vase so much, some day I might drop it accidentally on purpose
Add fuel to the flames: an action, whether verbal or physical that makes a bad situation even worse. The presidential candidate’s provocative speech in these violent times is only going to add fuel to the flames
Backseat driver: co-passenger who unnecessarily criticizes the driver while himself doing nothing. I cannot stand my relatives being backseat driver to me
Can’t judge a book by its cover: outward appearance cannot be an indicator of someone or something's value or worth. The candidate did not look very intelligent, but you can't judge a book by its cover
Caught between two stools: come between two alternatives, and so fail to fulfill either of them. This book cannot be an academic one nor can it be a popular commercial one; it falls between two stools
Take name in vain: use someone's name in a way that shows a lack of respect. Atheists find one way or the other to take god's name in vain
Yesterday’s man: someone especially a politician whose career is finished. The officer is retiring from his job next month, soon he will be a yesterday's man
Be up on: be well informed about a matter or subject. If you want to start teaching english to grown-up kids, you need to be up on it else you're going to be unable to clarify their doubts
Chip on shoulder: holding a grudge or grievance. He's always picking up fights with everyone. He seems to have a chip on his shoulder
Jump the gun: start something too soon or early, especially without thinking. The media jumped the gun and gave out their verdict of the scandal even before the investigation was complete
Over the moon: extremely pleased or happy. Judy was over the moon when tim proposed to her
Hit the books: to study very hard. I have an exam tomorrow, I need to hit the books tonight
Stone’s throw: a short distance. His workplace is a stone's throw away from his home
Let the chips fall where they may: let something happen, no matter what happens after that. Honesty demands that you tell the truth about what happened, and let the chips fall where they may
Tickled pink: excited and happy. His wife was tickled pink when he sent her flowers and gifts at work for no reason
Blow away: impress someone very much. This new has has such an interesting story and an amazing ending that it just blew me away
Couldn’t care less: total lack of interest in something. I have heard that my ex is going through another break-up, but I couldn't care less
Sell someone out: to betray someone. The company had put a lot of trust on him, but he sold them out by leaking confidential information to the competitors
Do one’s bit
Birds of a feather: people with similar tastes, interests and background. According to the surprising finding of the report, there is no guarantee that people who...
Bird’s eye view
A bird in the hand: a possession that is worthy. The fact is that he did not realise that a bird in the hand was worth more and went after having an extra marital affair. Now he neither has his wife nor his girlfriend
Foot the bill: pay the bill. It was a splendid party and i'm glad that I don't have to foot that particular bill
Fill the bill: be exactly suitable for a particular situation. The person who claims he fills the bill for the role of such an important office should at least be decent with his communication on social networks. This guy is not worth the people's while
Back to the drawing board: back to the planning stage. My experiment was a failure, so i'm back to the drawing board
Big cheese: to be an important and successful individual. The guy is among the big cheeses in the region and his word rules
Bide time: to wait for the perfect moment to do something. The big tiger bides time until the zebra had to make its way to the water fountain and then struck
Beyond a shadow of doubt: to be certain about something's validity. The government has clarified beyond a shadow of doubt that the people who have been evading taxes so far will be caught very soon
Cold comfort: insufficient ease, sympathy, or encouragement. A small increment after two years is cold comfort
Clean slate: to wipe the past out and begin afresh. The criminal has completed his sentence and has come out as a clean slate
Hobson’s choice: given two options when in fact there is only one choice. This is the dirtiest hotel that I have ever slept in! it is this room or out on the street, it's hobson's choice
Class act
Come full circle: return to an earlier position or decision. After changing couple of jobs in last three years, jane stuart come full circle in her first...
Go round in circles: work at something but keep failing to make progress with it. In the absence of adequate data, the surveyors are just going...
Strike a chord: to trigger a strong memory or feeling based on which there can be a mutual interest. Strike a note; strike the note
When the chips are down
Chip off the old block: similar to one’s parents in behavior, character or personality. Same like his brother, he is a chip off the old block, very...
Chink in armour: a susceptible or vulnerable area. She is a brilliant social worker but her lack of political awareness may be the chink in her...
Bad-mouth: to say something bad about something. The social parties in this area are just meant for old ladies to gather around and bad-mouth everyone who did not show up. I would never go for one
By and by: later; in due course; before long. The british metro train moved in and out of tunnels on that rocky terrain and, by and...
Mean business: to be focused about achieving a goal. She meant business when she said that she will take the number one position in the tennis world
Hide light under a bushel: to show modesty towards something or someone. The man kept hiding his light under a bushel even though the whole neighbourhood is aware of his cleanliness initiatives for the society
Burn fingers: to bear an unpleasant result of an action that has been taken in the past. The minister was warned not to venture into this sort of a contract. If he wants to burn his fingers in spite of that then he may continue
Hit the bull’s eye: get something exactly right, or be on target. The finance minister’s speech on attracting new investments hit...
Break the news: make something known for everybody. It was a really too hard work to break the news of that catastrophic accident to the families...
At bottom: to the core of the object. At bottom she is her father's daughter. No matter how much the family curses him, she will always be on his side
Bosom friends: close friends who share confidences. The two ladies who were arrested in case of injuring each other for one man, were bosom friends for...
Born yesterday: naive; inexperienced. Susan might look young, but she was not born yesterday. She is not going to fall for your lies
Pig in a poke: something that is bought without examining properly. If you buy a used car without examining it thoroughly first, you might end up buying a pig in a poke
Zip your lip: to stop talking. Why don't you just zip your lip, I am tired of being nagged all morning
Yellow streak: people who  have an inclination towards being fainthearted. Ginna's got a yellow streak which shows up the moment she is asked to stand up against nick
Year-round: happening in continuation throughout the whole year. The park provides free food for orphans year-round as a service to the god and humanity
Unring the bell: once something has been done you cannot run away from it, you can only face the aftermath. Remember tom, you cannot unring the bell once you have sent out that mail
Young turk: a young person who has many new ideas and wants a reform. Dan mannix is one of the investment industry's young turks but his contact book bulges with seasoned veterans
Zenith of career or life: the highest pinnacle of a person's career or life. The birth of his daughter was the zenith of his life
Pedal to the metal: do something at full speed. I need to submit this assignment in two days' time. I have to put pedal to the metal else I will miss the deadline
Out on the town: go out and enjoy yourself at one or more places in the town. All of us slept till late afternoon after we had a night out on the town and returned after dawn
On the same page: everyone in agreement. Before we begin with the discussion, I want to make sure that all of us are on the same page
Turn a blind eye: deliberately overlook. As a police officer, you cannot turn a blind eye to any of the illegal activities around you
A bit much: to be excessive. The concept and story was a bit much for me to understand everything clearly. That is why I did not invest with this company
Give hell: to give someone a harsh scolding. That office gives hell to its employees because the boss is mean guy
The benefit of the doubt: regards a person as innocent unless confirmed otherwise. Let's give her the benefit of the doubt and assume that she is right
Get out of bed on the wrong side: be very irritable and grouchy. You seem to be in a very bad temper today. Did you get out on the wrong side of the bed?
Bat an eye or eyelash or eyelid: to not show any shock or surprise. When the court pronounced the prisoner guilty of murder, the accused stood...
Bend over backwards: do all in one's power (usually to achieve something or accommodate somebody). Banks are bending over backwards to provide facilities to the depositors
The ball rolling: to start a conversation in a social setting. The ball was rolling when he struck that first conversation with her, she could not refuse his proposal knowing how charming he really was!
In a bad way: to say or mean something ill. The teacher did not mean it in a bad way but the student felt insulted at being asked to explain anyway
To see the back of: to be glad that you no longer have to deal with someone. After my boss made my life difficult for ten years, he finally left the company. I was glad to see the back of him
Flog a dead horse: waste energy on something that has no chance of succeeding. He keeps trying to get his manuscripts published, but I think he is flogging a dead horse
You are what you eat: if you eat good food you will be healthy, if you eat bad food you will be unhealthy. To stay healthy, it's best to keep off junk food. You are what you eat
Tongue in cheek: something said in humour, but with an act of being serious. The latest movie I watched was a tongue in cheek look at the way the media tends to over-hype certain pieces of news
Water under the bridge: past events that are not important anymore. We used to have big disagreements some years back, but that's all water under the bridge now. We get along fine
Pull leg: tease someone. Don't worry about what he said. He's just pulling your leg
Take a rain check: decline an offer that might be taken up later. I'll take a rain check on the party tonight, I have a lot of work to finish right now
Rule of thumb: a principle that is kept to. As a rule of thumb, I do not start a new project on fridays
Smell a rat: sense that something is not right. When he made that offer, I smelt a rat. It sounded too good to be true
Spitting image: look exactly like someone else. My sister is the spitting image of my mother
Until the cows come home: for a very long time. We can keep on arguing about this till the cows come home, but it won't solve anything
In the air: something like a mood that everybody can feel. You could feel the tension in the air as everyone waited to hear the announcement
Make light of: to treat something as if it isn't important. You need to stop making light of this situation. You could be in serious trouble
Through thick and thin: under all conditions, no matter how challenging or difficult. My best friend has supported me through thick and thin
In no time﻿: a very short period of time. I completed the project in no time at all
Throw down the gauntlet﻿: to accept a challenge. When it comes to the rights of animals, we are always willing to throw down the gauntlet
Way forward
On edge
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor
Drain the swamp﻿: rooting out the practice of corruption. No matter how critical it is, draining the swamps would be just about impossible unless we citizens take action against it in the union
Ride high: when someone is very successful. Our team won four college tournaments in a row this year! why wouldn't the team be riding high!
At sea: it means to be confused or not understand something at all. I was at sea when he started discussing quantum physics during dinner
At stake: it means to be on wager or bet, when there is some sort of uncertainty. You needn’t have all your money at stake in the share market, it is better to diversify
A leopard can’t change his spots: one cannot change who they are. He is bound to fail the exam again, a leopard cannot change his spots after all
A house divided against itself cannot stand: things will work out when there is unity amongst those people that are involved in the task. The workers will need to form a union because a house divided against itself cannot stand
A fool and his money are easily parted: this meaning is as it literally states. someone who is foolish can easily lose their money as it would be easy to dupe them out of it. Woody was cheated several times in his lifetime since a fool and his money are easily parted
Hold your horses: to wait. Hold your horses! we have not won yet, so don't start celebrating
Drive up the wall: to make someone angry or irritated. This stagnant traffic and constant honking is driving me up the wall
Twist arm: to make someone do what you want by making it difficult for them to refuse. I did not want to attend the concert, but he twisted my arm into it
Against the clock: in a great hurry to finish something before a particular time. The team was working against the clock to finish the project on time
Break a leg: good luck. "break a leg!" shouted the stage director to his actors before the beginning of the play
Beck and call: being completely available to someone when needed. No matter what time of day it is, she is always at his beck and call
At sixes and sevens: used to express a situation of uncertainty or confusion. I don't want to be at sixes and sevens with you
The eleventh hour: at the very last minute before an event. Just minutes before the deadline, he definitely submitted his assignment at the eleventh hour
Bon appetit: enjoy your meal/food. I want to thank you all for coming to my dinner party, and i'd like to wish you all bon appetit!
Back against the wall: to be in a tough situation with limited options. The company has its back against the wall and if the employees do not help out now, it will be bankrupt soon
Button your lip: to stop speaking. "his continuous talking makes me wish he could button his lip."
Break the mould: to do something different from what is expected. His method of teaching physics breaks the mould
That’s the way the cookie crumbles: no matter how unfair the situation is, it must be accepted. The manager was fired from his job after making such a huge mistake, but that's the way the cookie crumbles
Feel the pinch: experience financial hardship. Since farrokh was made redundant, we've really felt the pinch. We can't even afford to buy the kids new shoes
Keep your hair on: to request someone to stay calm and not get annoyed. The general kept his hair on during the meeting this time
Smell something fishy: to have a suspicion that something is wrong. The manager smelled something fishy and started an investigation. He eventually found that 3 of the 4 employees were stealing from the store
Son of a gun: to address someone in an affectionate way. The son of a gun managed to pass all the subjects this time along! I am so happy!
Southpaw: to be left-handed. The mother expected her baby to be a southpaw like her but she was very much right handed
Start from scratch: to start doing something over from the beginning. The class has started the lesson from scratch to be able to understand the basics in a better manner
The bigger they are the harder they fall: to fail according to the size of the venture. The prime minister probably realizes that the bigger they are the harder they fall. So he has been very cautious about all of his plans and policies up till now
The last straw: to be the last in a sequence of unpleasant things. The last straw in their relationship was when he physically abused her. She walked out after that
Third time’s a charm: to say that when a person tries to do something, it works out at the third attempt. The fellow finally managed to pass his exam. As they say, third time's a charm
Twenty-three skidoo: to depart in a haste. The police threatened to imprison everyone in the crowd that did not 23 skidoo from the park
Up a blind alley: to be doing something that will definitely have a negative outcome. The trip was up a blind alley it seems because the travel agent could not even jot down a proper itinerary. I wonder why they booked a holiday with such a shady company anyway
Wag the dog: to divert attention from something that is bad. The prime minister keeps wagging the dog to keep people from actually finding out about the scam and its details
Down to earth: decent, simple, realistic. She is very down to earth person, not at all attracted by the glamour world
Fingers crossed: a gesture of crossed fingers used to express good luck. Good luck with your test tomorrow. I'll have my fingers crossed
Get foot in the door: succeed with a first step; achieve an initial stage. I know it’s not the job you’d hoped for, but at least...
Out of one’s depth: a situation beyond one's knowledge or ability. After watching this film, the audience realized that making comedy movies was out of the depth of this director
In deep water: a very serious situation. The political party is in deep water after it was discovered that their candidate had lied in the report
Frighten or scare to death
In the dark: uninformed, a state of ignorance. We’re still in the dark about the company’s layoff policy. Another forms of in the dark idiom: keep...
Not give a damn: to not care. Their son does not give a damn about their health. His ill habits are costing the entire family now
Cross path
Chop and change: repeatedly change. One day she’s going to be a doctor, the next she wants to study architecture – she’ll have to stop chopping...
In the bad books: out of favour. Maria remains in his bad books after the argument between both
Black book: a book containing a list of secret contacts. Ann will not invite bob to the party because he has been in her black books for so long
Take a cue from: to do what is recommended by someone else. I'm not good at belly dance, so i'll take my cue from you
Fly off the handle: to lose one's temper and get angry for seemingly no reason (does not usually refer to situations that would warrant an emotional response). I was so happy to find a parking spot and get out of the store when jim came flying off the handle and yelled at me in front of everyone in line
Cold shoulder: to treat somebody with coldness and contempt. I fought with my wife, and she is now giving me the cold shoulder
In hot water: in trouble or state of shame. The opposition leader landed himself in a whole load of hot water after making several vulgar comments
Leg up: give or receive assistance to achieve a goal. Completing the summer study program gives pupils a leg up in the following academic year
Get the sack (boot, axe): be dismissed from the job. If you can't do your job properly, you're going to get the sack
Skeleton in the closet: a secret of an embarrassing, guilty or shameful nature that you don't want to disclose. I have come to know that eric has a skeleton in his cupboard
Part and parcel: something that is a basic or essential element of the whole. Darkness is part and parcel of the night
A piece of cake: very easy task. Don't worry, sophie - this job interview will be a piece of cake for you - you have all the skills they need and I think you're absolutely the best candidate
At cross purposes: with aims or goals that conflict or interfere with one another. The members of lord’s house fear the two government departments are working...
Crack of dawn: very early in the morning. We shared, cared and cheered until we were at the crack of dawn
Not all it’s cracked up to be: not as good as people say it is. The highly ranked institutes in liverpool isn’t all it’s cracked up...
Not have a clue
Stand a chance: have a possibility or a hope of success. If funding by government is withdrawn, small minority schools in remote northern area, don’t stand...
On the case: to do what is the best course of action in the given situation. The best detective from the police department is on the case and we will be hearing about the culprit being nabbed very soon now
On the cards
Can of worms: to get into something that is messy, has problems and is unwanted. The can of worms was wide open when he asked her about her past
Burst at the seams: to be filled up to the brim. The meal was absolutely delicious but now I am bursting at the seams
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder: different people have different ideas and views about what is beautiful. I don't see why he finds her attractive, I think she is downright ugly; but, beauty is in the eye of the beholder, as they say
Love is blind: if you love someone, you cannot see the faults in that person. I really don't understand why mia likes chris so much. He's very selfish and inconsiderate; and doesn't even treat her well. Well, love really is blind
Marry in haste, repent at leisure: if you marry someone without knowing the person well, you will later regret your decision to marry. Sally and bob had hardly known each other for a few months before they decided to get married, and now they are having big problems. Marry in haste, repent at leisure!
Love rat: someone, usually a man, who has a secret affair while being in a relationship. I heard bill had an affair with his wife's best friend! what a love rat he is!
Every picture tells a story: scene of happening that explains hidden reality. Shannon is denying but I am quite sure that she had done something wrong, every picture tells a story
Stormy relationship: a relationship with many disagreements. After having a very stormy relationship for around two years, they decided to separate
One stop shop: a store that fulfills various requirements which is preferable by customers. That corner store is a one stop shop for anyone looking for video games
Eat humble pie: to become very humble in behaviour when someone points out a wrong doing by the person. I know for certain that the appliance should not be handled this way but if I turn out to be wrong then i'll eat humble pie
Keep schtum: to be quiet when one knows that if the wrong thing is said then there will be more trouble. I can’t tell you because you will not be able to keep schtum about it
Beyond the pale: something that is not an acceptable way to behave. Nobody will want to be friends with you if you are considered beyond the pale in your social circle
Green with envy: extremely jealous of another person. Sally was green with envy when he saw my brand new car
Pep talk
Like a bat out of hell: very fast and crazily. When sara told sam that there is a ghost living next to their room, he changed the room like a bat out of hell
Trouble shared is trouble halved
All roads lead to rome
Knock socks off
Apples to oranges
Seventh heaven: being glad. Nicole kidman was in seventh heaven when she received the award for the best actress
Heavy heart
Lighten up: to take it easy. Just lighten up! everything will be fine
On the rocks: likely to fail because of serious problems. Their marriage was on the rocks as they couldn't get along with each other anymore and were having huge arguments very frequently
Can’t stand the sight of: to hate someone very much. After years of being in an unhappy marriage and later going through an ugly divorce, they now can't stand the sight of each other
Blazing row: a very angry argument. After having a blazing row with his wife, he stormed out of the room and banged the door behind him
Go through a rough patch: to experience a lot of problems in a period of life. They have usually been very supportive of each other, but right now, their marriage is going through a bit of a rough patch
Tie the knot: to get married. They have been dating each other for quite some time now and are planning to tie the knot a few months from now
Get hitched: to get married. Have you heard? marge and sam are getting hitched this weekend
Cupboard love: affection given in order to gain a reward. I had suspected all along that jane's affair with that man was just cupboard love. What she really liked about him was his big mansion and luxurious car
Whet one’s appetite: a stimulation that causes you to want additional of something, mostly food. You have whetted my appetite to go for another theatre performance after making me watch this one
Veg out: to stop working hard. After a tiring week, I like to veg out in front of the television during the weekend
Fancy free: something or someone who has no commitments or ties. Until the time his father was around to take care of him he was footloose and fancy free. Now things are very different
Class clown: a wiseacre. He is the class clown with the constant talking and making fun of others
Dead ringer: a duplicate of the exact nature. She is a dead ringer of one of my friends. I in fact walked up to her at an event mistaking her for my friend
Slap on the wrist: to show disapproval. I have to keep slapping his wrist away from the cake or there will be nothing left for the party
Happy as a clam: to be very happy. Although the job does not pay very well, she is as happy as a clam there
As bald as a coot: totally bald. She is in remission now but the chemo therapy has left her as bald as a coot
Well read: well-educated and learned. She is well read does not mean that she can go out on the streets and fend for herself. To be street smart is a requirement in what she wants to do
Laughing stock: something ridiculous which can be laughed upon. After the event and how he behaved there, he was the laughing stock in school for days to come
Mumbo jumbo: something that does not make sense. I do not believe in this mumbo jumbo, human life should be valued far more than some ritual that one is not willing to forego
Long in the tooth: to get too old for something. He is too long in the tooth to be working with 18 year old paired opposite him in movies
All singing, all dancing: something that is full of verve, vivacity and liveliness. She went home from the play all singing all dancing. It was one of the liveliest performances that she had ever witnessed
Break open: to cause something to open suddenly, especially from within. The violent storms shook the very foundation of the house and broke open the doors
Hang on: hold on or hold tightly. The child hung on to her mother and would not let go of her hands
What are you up to: another way to ask someone, what are you doing?. Seeing me going from room to room with no apparent method, my friend couldn't help but ask what I was up to
At the same time: used to refer to two or more things occurring together. My mother has the ability to make me laugh and cry at the same time
None of your business: used to tell someone not to get involved in whatever you have going on. My mother in law was not pleased when we politely told her that the honeymoon plan was none of her business
High up: to have an important standing in society. With the way he barked orders at the workers, everyone got the impression that he is high up in the company
All set: to refer a state of being ready for an event. After putting the luggage in the trunk, we were all set to go on our vacation
Pass away: die. Martha let us know that our grandfather passed away two nights ago
Stay up: not go to sleep. Mom made sure we stayed up to welcome our dad home after months of him being on military tour
Go after: to catch up to someone after they have gone. Leo has decided to go after his dreams with all that he has
Fortune favours the bold: it refers to people who face problems with determination and courage are the ones who attain massive levels of success. The guy should have gone all out to achieve his destiny. He would have been married to the love of his life had he showed some courage back then. Fortune favours the bold
Follow by: to continue with something else, usually on the agenda. The presentation will be followed by high tea and snacks for all the employees present
Run for cover: to seek shelter. We ran for cover as soon as the storm broke
When the going gets tough, the tough get going: to become tougher than the situation in order to be able to overcome it. The company secretary handled the objections very calmly and politely. I truly saw the personification of the fact that when the going gets tough, the tough get going
The squeaky wheel gets the grease: to get something fixed, it is required to make a noise to get attention. My younger brother got far more stuff from my parents when we were kids because the squeaky wheel gets the grease
The pen is mightier than the sword: the power of mass appeal is stronger than the force used against it. I totally believe that the pen is mightier than the sword and will continue to write about my honest opinions even if it irks a few
When in rome, do as the romans: to copy popular culture in order to blend in. My mother always told us that when in rome, do as the romans. That is how today we are able to get along with any kind of people
Food for thought
Status quo: the existing condition. The countries are now trying to maintain a status quo with regards to their nuclear arsenal which will help them if the situation gets any worse
Cold hearted: very cruel, unkind person. Don't be so cold hearted, forgive them and speak with your children
Head and shoulders above: significantly better than everybody else in the field. I'm so proud of our boy, johnny - he was head and shoulders above the rest of his class in his school project
Bang head against wall: bang head against a brick wall. Trying to keep this place clean and tidy is like hitting my head against a brick wall
Memory like a sieve: poor memory. I'm so sorry I forgot your birthday - i've got a memory like a sieve!
Like father like son: the man/boy being talked about is very much like/exactly like his father . Joe's doing really well on the football team this season. He has nearly matched joe senior's reputation for being a sharp shooter! I guess it's a case of like father, like son
If it’s the last thing I do: indicates determination to achieve something. I am going to get this house cleaned today if it's the last thing I do
Not the sharpest tool in the shed: someone who is not very clever, according to others. Joe doesn't seem to understand that we're working to a different schedule now, since the workload has doubled.  he's not the sharpest tool in the shed
A trip to the sun: something which is very unlikely. My dream has always been to settle in australia. But I know it's like a trip to the sun. I just have to make peace with this place
Touch off: to ignite a thought. The presentation touched off a very important point and I would like to spend some time talking about it
Eat like a horse: to eat a lot. He eats like a horse - there's never enough left for everyone else once he's been at the buffet
Time flies: for a particular phase in life to seem shorter than it really was. Time flies when I go to play with friends
Cry me a river: usually used sarcastically to someone who is constantly complaining. "my baby wouldn't sleep last night, I am so tired." "cry me a river, joan. I haven’t had a good night's sleep in years."
Eat words: to take back what was said. I can't believe that he didn't trust that we could win. He will have to eat his words
Time will tell: something that will not be proven until a later date. I don't think that he studied for his test, even though he says he did. Only time will tell
On the other hand: from a different point of view. It seems like a great building, on the other hand, you are displacing a lot of animals by building it
Silence is golden: it is often better to say nothing at all. Do not tell your mom that I broke her vase! remember, silence is golden
Paint the town red: to celebrate and have a wild time. I can't wait to go out with my best friend and paint the town red!
End of the day: to look at all the possibilities and then to make a final decision. At the end of the day, I have decided that law school would be the best path for me
Fall out: to disagree with someone about something. I had a fall out with my mom about her losing my earrings
In touch: keep in touch. We will definitely keep in touch with each other when you move to australia
Eager beaver: someone who is very eager to perform tasks and is always offering to do more. Don’t be such an eager beaver, we have plenty of time to complete the task
Troubled waters: a difficult phase of life. The situation was getting worse, but like all the other members of the company, he was fascinated by troubled waters
Live wire: an energetic and volatile person. John is such a live wire; he is a good source of entertainment
Long run: in the long run. To make this project successful in the long run, they will need more partners
Black friday: a day of a financial disaster. My friends wait desperately for online sales on black friday
Get the wrong end of the stick: to understand something in the wrong way. When jack and taylor arrived at the award function together, everyone got the wrong end of the stick
Get on nerves: tick someone off. Put your mobile phone in a silent mode - its loud ringtone is getting on my nerves
Mind your own business: to look into your own matter. I would like you to mind your own business and stop telling me what to do
Good grief: occurrence of something shocking. Good grief, is she going to kick her brother in front of the entire school? this is really shocking for me
The lion’s den: a place which is uncomfortable. Two of the new students were thrown into the lion's den as their ragging was taking place
Miles away: unaware of the current situation. Just by reading her facial expressions, I can easily tell you that she is miles away
Love child: a child born out of wedlock. The new actress in that movie is rumoured to be the love child of one of the most famous actors of the previous generation
Sealed with a kiss: written and sent with love and care. When ted and judy were living apart in different cities, he would write a letter to her every week and all the letters would be marked with swak, or sealed with a kiss, as a mark of how much he loved her
No love lost: there is a mutual dislike between two people. Bob and jill cannot get along together. There is no love lost between them
Love to death: love someone very much. He is prepared to do anything for her, go to any extent. He loves her to death
The course of true love never did run smooth: people in love often have to overcome difficulties in order to be with each other. Judy and I are in a long distance relationship and it is not easy staying away from each other. The course of true love never did run smooth
One cannot love and be wise: people often do foolish things when they are in love. I don't think it is wise of elsie and ray to decide to get married so soon into their relationship. But then, one cannot love and be wise
All is fair in love and war: in situations of love and war you do not have to obey rules of reasonable behaviour. In order to go on a date with elle, paul tricked her into believing that her boyfriend was seeing another woman. Well, all's fair in love and war
An item: be involved in a romantic relationship. John and sally are frequently seen together nowadays. Are they an item?
Labour of love: a task done for the pleasure of doing it, not for gains or rewards. Every morning, he dusted, cleaned and wound up the old grandfather clock that he had inherited as a family heirloom. It was truly a labour of love
Match made in heaven: a combination of two people that is perfect in every way. Jules and nora are a match made in heaven. They love doing things together and cannot bear to be away from each other
Save face: to be able to hide public disgrace by taking some action. I managed to save face by being able to speak about the topic, the presentation that was made was really not good
Quality time: well spent time. It had been so long since we went on a vacation but this last month we decided to spend quality time with the family regardless
Lie low: to go out of sight, usually after having done something bad. Someone else in his position would lie low after having done what he did!
Go out with: have a romantic relationship with someone. Sue and rob had been going out with each other for five years before they finally decided to get married
Paddle own canoe: to be able to act without having to depend on anyone. He feels he can paddle his own canoe now so wants to move out of his parent's house
Keen as mustard: very excited and enthusiastic. Little kids are always as keen as mustard to learn new things around them
Crush: feel love-sick for someone. I think steve has a crush on our new english teacher; he always looks forward to her classes and even goes to ask questions after classes, though he doesn't need to
Catch eye: be noticed by someone. While we were driving down the road, a small shop selling beautiful potteries caught my eye
Fall in love: to be very attracted to someone. My brother and his fiancee fell in love when they went for a camping trip together with a group of friends
Harp on: to speak in a boring tone. He kept harping on about something. I had stopped paying attention a long while back
At odds
Under siege
Have no business﻿
Take heart﻿: to stay confident and positive. We lost the elections - it is a part of the game. But we absolutely take heart in the apparently greater awareness and involvement of the young generation in keeping the spirit of democracy
Rake over the coals
Stand in a good stead: to be of advantage to someone. His years of experience in the spoken english field has stood him in good stead
Smack dab: exactly. We got our water balloons fully filled and threw smack dab at their heads. It was fun, I tell you!
Get a life
Throw under the bus: to betray a partner, colleague or close friend for self-benefits. Mark always looks for someone to blame and throw under the bus for his failings
Cold sweat
Rough diamond: a person of exceptional character. Bob is intelligent and trustworthy but lacks sophistication. He is a rough diamond
Devil may care: – very casual attitude – worry-free or carefree attitude – reckless – defiant – relaxed and not worried about the results of your actions ....
At death’s door: on the point of dying. Most of the survivors of the airplane crash are still at death's door
On demand: when needed. These days babies are normally fed on demand
De facto: existing in fact. English is de facto the common language of much of the world today
De jure: having a right or existence as stated by law. The president aims to create a de jure one-party state
Down in the dumps: a gloomy. As the things were not going well for her at work, she was feeling a bit down in the dumps
Play duck and drakes
Like or as a duck to water
Lame duck
Down the road: – at a future point or end – in the future, in a few years – dismissed, fired . Somewhere down the road...
Down and out
On doorstep: very near to where somebody lives. The best thing about having a house in this society is that all the popular eating joints are right at our doorstep
Doubting thomas: – habitually doubtful person – a person who refuses to believe anything until they are given proof . He’s such a doubting thomas that...
Dot the i’s and cross the t’s: to take care of every detail, even minor ones. I had dotted all the i's and crossed the t's, so I wondered why my application was rejected
Show the door
Till doomsday: – for a very long time – for all time, – forever . You could try to convince her till doomsday, but she will...
Done in: – be too tired to do any more – exhausted . I was/felt really done in after the match. 2. You are really done...
Done for: to be over. The deal is done for I am not going to speak with that man again
Go to the dogs
Wild and woolly: to be carrying a wild look. Their residence is totally wild and woolly but all in all I found them to be warm people
Wine and dine: to treat somebody (usually a woman) to wine and dinner;. The wine and dine at this hotel is among the best that you will ever find
You can’t take it with you: everybody leaves their wealth behind after death. The whole world knows that you can't take it with you but they still have so much affiliation to their worldly possessions
Zero tolerance: denial to allow rebellious activities, usually by rigid and strict application of the rules;. There is zero tolerance towards any gender bias in this company
Self-made man: someone who achieves the success with his own hark work. The governor is a self-made man and has had properties around the city even before he joined politics
Under no illusions: be completely conscious of the real status of situation. I am under no illusion that living in canada is going to be very easy
Roaring trade: to do business quickly. The vegetable vendor was doing a roaring trade in the market today
Glass ceiling: an unseen (glass) barrier for women and people who belong to minority groups in climbing up the corporate, political or the ladder of success regardless of whether they are qualified for the job. The woman made every attempt but could not break the highest and the toughest glass ceiling
Cutting edge: to be among the latest and the best (often used for technological advancements). The company has introduced cutting edge technology which will handle all client servicing issues
Ballpark figure: to be near about the exact (usually in amount). The management was given a ballpark figure at the very beginning of the presentation
As an aside: indirect communication. As an aside; does anyone want to play chess?
All up: finished. It is all up with now finding some good crane operator, they couldn't have survived so long in these conditions
Ages: a long time; a very long time. I haven't seen you in ages - you look different
Blow-by-blow account: to describe (something) in exceptional detail. The toddler gave a blow-by-blow account of the activity to his mother. It was very endearing to listen to it
Arrive in a body
As well as: additionally. The sound as well as picture quality are best on this tv screen
As well: to be in addition to (something). The car as well as the bike need a mechanic for maintenance to keep it running well
As to: with regard to. "as to your query about passport status, she will present the necessary papers next monday."
As soon as
As long as: to put condition of time on an action. The car will keep running as long as you take good care of it
Fight like cat and dog: argue jealously and violently all the time. Both of the children of mrs. Bector in our neighborhood fight like cat and...
Put the cart before the horse: to do things in the wrong order or sequence. Aren't you putting the cart before the horse in decorating your new office? you haven't even been awarded the job yet
Carrot and stick: mixture of rewards and punishments. He said the carrot and stick approach is in effective when it comes to management
Sweep under the carpet, rug: try to hide a problem or keep a problem secret instead of dealing with it. The administration team of the...
Put cards on the table: be open and honest; reveal one’s position or intentions. Shawn thought it was time to put his cards on the table...
Keep card close to chest: be secretive or cautious, give nothing away. My brother don’t know how much money his friends will spend this friday night,...
Card up sleeve: to have a secret advantage that is suddenly revealed to change the game. He did not just leave his house. He had a card up his sleeve that he did not even reveal to his family, which was his new flat in a posh locality
In the can: to be completed. The work is almost entirely in the can if only he can convince the managing directors to give him a raise now
Call the shots: be in charge of what is happening. The prime minister tried his best to give the impression of being in control, but bbc...
Sell like hot cakes: be a great commercial success. These books are selling like hotcakes
A golden key can open any door: the prospect of receiving money will end up in getting any task accomplished. You should tip the reception staff to get a table sooner because a golden key can open any doors
A good man is hard to find: this proverb refers to women who are looking for suitable alliances but aren't able to find them. He has stood by her in all her troubled times. Usually a good man is hard to find but she has done quite well for herself
A friend in need is a friend indeed: used for a person who helps at the time of a requirement is a true friend. He stayed with me throughout the time I was in the hospital, a friend in need is a friend indeed!
X factor: an outstanding extraordinary ability. This is the right time to invest in gold and real estate. It may turn out to be an x-factor
Fate worse than death: it means to have to suffer through ordeal that makes a person prefer death over going through it again. Even after she got the surgery done she was in pain for weeks. It was a fate worse than death
Have never had it so good: it literally means what it says, that is, a person has not had better of whatever it is that is being discussed before. You should not have broken up with her. You have never had it so good with anyone else
Man’s best friend: it refers to animals that are of use to human beings, mostly used to address dogs. When his dog died he cried for many days in the memory of his only best friend
Dish fit for the gods: this refers to food that is of an exemplary quality. She is such a wonderful cook. The cakes that she bakes are dish fit for the gods!
Call of the wild: it talks about nature appealing to a person. How could he hurt her like that? he has always been so nice, talk about the call of the wild!
Fish rots from the head down: it refers to failing organizations and how the blame of it should be on its 'head' that is its leadership. The company was bound to be closed sooner or later considering the kind of mangers that they had hired. A fish rots from the head down after all
Break down: to stop working. His car broke down
Better off: to shun someone or something away so that it becomes better than before. The family is better off without this guy who respects nobody and thinks that he is the centre of the universe at all times
Buzz word: a phrase that is used to describe a word or phrase that is popular in a group of people. The college students these days have many buzz words that their parents do not understand
Build bridges: to foster good relationships. A non-governmental organization is engaged in building bridges between different communal groups in the city
The brains behind
Go by the book: do things strictly according to the written rules, etc. The most successful officers are not those who always go by the book but use their initiative
Come to blows: have a fight or a serious argument with somebody, begin to fight. Demonstrators nearly came to blows with the scotland yard police during...
Blue-collar: of or relating to industrial work, especially the semiskilled and unskilled. They hope the new manufacturing unit on the small town's outskirts will open up the doors for many more blue-collar jobs
Tasted blood: have achieved a small victory which has made you believe you can win a more important victory. The british badminton pair tasted blood in...
Bee in bonnet: be possessed with one thought or scheme. The man has a real bee in his bonnet in trying to find out about how people would react in this situation
A hot potato: a controversial issue or situation that is awkward or unpleasant to deal with. The subject of bullying and fighting in my school is a hot potato
Piece of cake: something that is easy to do. Learning english is a piece of cake as long as you do it with our website
Once in a blue moon: very rarely. I go to visit my grandfather only once in a blue moon; he lives in a remote farm house
A bed of roses: easy option. Taking care of my younger sister is no bed of roses; she is very silly
Raining cats and dogs: raining very heavily. I wanted to go to play outside, but it was raining cats and dogs yesterday
When pigs fly: something that will never happen or is impossible. William will keep quiet only when pigs fly
Devil's advocate: one who presents a counter argument. Hey jack! you're always playing devil's advocate! give it a rest and mind your own business
Miss the boat: miss the chance. Peter wanted to enter the drawing competition, but he was too late to enter, and he missed the boat
Apple of eye: someone very precious or dear. Every kid in the world is the apple of their parents' eye(s)
Zip your lip: to stop talking. I don't want to hear another sound out of you. Now do as you're told and zip your lip
Lone it: to do an activity alone. They asked him to go to the movies, but he decided to lone it
Burst the bubble: the sudden end of a very happy or successful period. She looked so happy about getting married that her sister just couldn't burst the bubble
Close call: a narrow escape from disaster. It was quite a close call, but my father managed to avoid hitting the animal that ran across the highway
Cat among the pigeons: do or say something that causes trouble and make a lot of people angry or worried. The foreigner put the cat among the pigeons when he made some sensitive comments about the people's religion
Go out on a limb: do or say something that is different from most other people. During an analysis of the news, he went out on a limb and expressed an opinion opposite to that held by the general public
View all idioms
Love of life: the person who is loved most by someone in all their life. After having spent most of his life being single, he finally found the love of his life at the ripe old age of fifty
Puppy love: a mild infatuation, or a crush. Most teenagers are quick to fall in love and expect it to last a lifetime, but of course it is puppy love and they soon fall out of it
Chew the fat: to have friendly banter for hours on end. I've been meaning to get a hold of my friends from us since quite a while, if I can manage to do that after the party then i'll go and chew the fat with them at our regular hangout
Love nest: a home or place where two people who love each other live. It was rumoured that the boss was having an illicit love affair with one of his subordinates. Apparently, he had set up a love nest a few blocks away from the office where they met everyday after work
Bob’s your uncle: it is said after a set of instructions are provided and one wants to convey that the work will be simple for the other person to do. You add two cups of water to the mix, heat it for five minutes and bob's your uncle, the soup is ready
Born with a silver spoon in mouth: to be born to parents who are rich and have a good social rank. He has never worked hard for anything because he was born with a silver spoon in his mouth. His parents brought everything to him instead
I’ll eat my hat: this is an expression of not believing something very strongly. If you are really able to climb that 8 feet wall by yourself then i'll eat my hat
As nice as ninepence: a place that is very well organized. I was taken aback when I saw that this place is as nice as ninepence
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride: to wish for things does not yield to anything. She told me she wanted to become miss universe and I said, "if wishes were horses, beggars would ride". How else was I to react to such an absurd thing?
Smitten with: suddenly start to like or love someone very much. He is completely smitten with love for her
Fish rots from the head down: it refers to failing organizations and how the blame of it should be on its 'head' that is its leadership. The company was bound to be closed sooner or later considering the kind of mangers that they had hired. A fish rots from the head down after all
Fool’s paradise: this phrase refers to someone who becomes happy at hopes provided based on false facts. The money was never going to be deposited by him. He kept promising her and let her stay in that fool’s paradise for way too long
Face the music: receive punishment. If you have done something wrong, you have to face the music. There's no escaping out of it
Ring a bell: something that sounds familiar. That name rings a bell but I cannot recall where I have heard it before
Pitch in: join in and help with something. On jane's birthday her friends decided to pitch in and have a surprise party for her
Diamond is forever: it is the slogan of the popular diamond seller de beers. 'no matter how much you love your man, it is the diamond that lasts forever', joked the girls at the brunch table
Call a spade a spade: this phrase means to say something the way it is. That dress made her look fat, let's call a spade a spade before she goes out wearing it and embarrasses herself
Feather in your cap: it means to have an achievement in your name. Ruth scored the last goal for her team, adding a feather in her cap
Kangaroo court: it refers to a court that passes judgement but is not a valid court. The kangaroo court announced two years back that the family should be banished and the people in the village followed the judgement. To this day, nobody even talks to anyone in that family
Before one can say jack robinson: very suddenly. I wanted to have a meaningful conversation with him when he was back from work but he was gone before I could say jack robinson
On one’s uppers: extremely short of money. All the artists in their initial phase of career were on their uppers. They have struggled enough to reach this level of success
Cry over spilt milk: to be upset about things that have already been done. While its sad that the results have not been as good as you expected, you should now focus on moving ahead and achieving better results next time; there is no use crying over spilt milk
Upper crust: the aristocracy and upper classes, informal. Reservation system was developed to help the needy. Now it has become privilege for the society therefore even the upper crust are demanding reservation these days
Uncle tom cobley and all: used to denote a long list of people (in british english). Businessman, entrepreneurs, uncle tom cobley and all had been invited to the real estate awards function in the city last month.3
Late unpleasantness: the war that took place recently. No sooner had japanese recovered from the late unpleasantness, a massive volcanic eruption took place destroying huge no. Of lives & property
Ugly duckling: a young person who turns out to be beautiful or talented against all expectations. Some people think they've turned into an ugly duckling whereas the truth is they are & look the same as they used to in their childhood
Beyond the veil: in an inexplicable or concealed place or condition, especially the mysterious state of existence after death. Many people have tried to discover beyond...
Variety is the spice of life: new and exciting practices make life more attractive. I started learning tennis after having tried swimming because variety is the spice of life
Vale of years: the decreasing time of a individual's life. I shall not leave my parents during their vale of years
Spin a yarn: to tell a tale. Kids like to have their grandparents spin a yarn for them
Toot one’s own horn: blow one's own horn. My father told me never to toot my own horn
Fast food: food that is tasty but has less or no nutritional value is referred to as fast food. Nina loves french fries and other fast food
On a roll: making a lot of progress. Our team has won eleven out of our twelve matches this season. We are on a roll
Ward off: to prevent something from harming you. Our government has doubled the number of soldiers at the border to ward off illegal immigrants
Drop by: an informal visit. I hope to finish the dress before saturday. If you want to see what it looks like you should drop by over the weekend
Broken heart: break someone's heart. I know he broke your heart, but there are other boys out there who are better than him
Blind as a bat: unconscious to something. Maria is so in love, she is as blind as a bat when it comes to mark’s rude behavior
In a fog: in a great confusion. Jane always seems to be in a fog
Dollars to donuts: an outcome that is almost assured is called as dollars to doughnuts. And i'll bet dollars to donuts that he will have no strategic plan on how to effectively deny clinton's speech
Fair-weather friend: used to refer a friend who is not reliable in difficult times. Simran is looking for a loyal friend, not a fair-weather friend
The better of: to become superior to someone or thing. The man has seen many troubled times and is determined to give the better of days to his children
Better half: spouse. I think a two-bedroom flat would suit us but i'd better confirm it with my better half
Better late than never: it is better for somebody or something to be late than never to arrive or to happen. All of us have been waiting for you for two hours - but better late than never
Safe bet: fair assumption; reasonable guess; opinion or view that is likely to prove correct. The party president decided that the 75-year-old sitting legislator was...
Make the best of: to look for a positive side of a seemingly negative situation. The sun was shining so he made the best of his day and went to the beach with his family
Below the belt: to be mean and unfair (in a fight). The shot that he took at him was completely below the belt. Decent people do not compete like this
Belle of the ball: be the most attractive woman at party or similar event. She wore a dress made by the country’s most valued designer and...
Make a beeline for: go quickly and directly to somebody or something. As soon as the employees heard about the news of scrapping of the bonus...
Raining cats and dogs: too much heavy rain. It's raining cats and dogs I am worried about how my kids will reach home
A bed of roses: easy option. Weight loss is a challenging task, not a bed of roses
Meet halfway: to reach a compromise. I don't enjoy camping and my husband hates the cold. So, we had to meet halfway and go to the beach for the weekend
Ups and downs: good times and bad times. Every relationship has its ups and downs. It is important to stick it out
Take care: be careful. Thanks for the visit, peter, take care
Larger than life: something or someone that is very impressive. His father is a great man. He is larger than life
Take on: someone's take on something is their opinion on a matter. I don't agree with your take on the matter, but I will respect your choice
In stitches: to laugh so hard that you are not able to control yourself. The movie had everyone in the theatre in stitches
Red herring: something irrelevant that distracts you from something important. The new law is just a red herring meant to draw our attention away from the issues regarding education
Knight in shining armour: used to describe someone who saves you from a difficult situation. Thank you so much for fixing my flat tire. You are a knight in shining armour
Pot calling the kettle black: criticizing someone for a fault that you have too. I can't believe that you are upset because I was late. That is the pot calling the kettle black
Heart and soul: with all the effort you can put into it. He's dedicated to the project heart and soul
Walk on eggshell: to be careful about one's words or actions around another person. Whenever lisa is around the house, everyone has to walk on eggshells around her in order not to get her annoyed
Bun in the oven: to be pregnant. After trying for a baby for several years, mark was happy when his wife told him she had a bun in the oven
Tight-lipped: unwilling to speak about an event. When it came the time for him to share stories of this conquests, he became strangely tight-lipped
Apple polisher: a flatterer; toady. Even with her boss looking very untidy, mel still complimented her and this showed her to be an apple polisher
A lot on my plate: too much on my plate. This week will be so hectic as I have a lot on my plate
Far-fetched: unlikely to be true. When he told us the stories of his youth, everyone could agree that they were far-fetched
No man is an island: no one is self-sufficient; everyone relies on others somehow. Having children has taught me that no man is an island
Bring home the bacon: to go out and earn a living or earn money for the family. As the head of the family, he ensures that he brings home the bacon
Chill to the marrow: to be very cold. The movie gave me a chill to the marrow. I am not recommending it to anyone. It is horrible
Running around like a headless chicken: to carry on in a disorganised manner. After failing to take her equipment to the lab, lizzie ran around like a headless chicken while trying to conduct her experiment
Cross swords
On the crest of a wave: to reach the highest point of success. The music band comprising engineering students is currently on the crest of a wave, with a launch of new album it has planned for next year
Get cracking: to hurry something up. The laundry man better get cracking with our clothes else we will miss the event
A sacred cow: something that people do not like to question; a taboo subject. The judiciary remains a sacred cow, despite increasing evidence that serious mistakes...
Cover tracks
Blow cover: to reveal the true identity. The custom's officer recognised the man from a wanted poster and blew his cover right out
Count chicken: make plans based on events that may or may not happen. It is not good to start counting your chickens when you do not even have the cash to start your own venture
Couch potato: a chronic television viewer. My younger sister is a great couch potato; she can watch tv 24 hours a day
Wrap in cotton wool: to be overprotective towards somebody. The mother wrapped the child up in cotton wool as if it would protect him from all the dangers of the world
The corridors of power: the offices of the powerful leaders. As personal adviser to the prime minister, he thought he’d get his foot inside the corridors...
Drive crazy: to disturb or irritate someone. He drives me crazy with the lazy way he executes all his tasks
Speak too soon: to say something with the belief that it will be right and then it is later found out to be untrue. I was certain nina would fail at her task and said so boldly. When she successfully completed her task, I knew I had spoken too soon
A burnt child dreads the fire: everyone avoids repeating a hurting experience again in life. After his first accident, sam is quite careful in driving now because a burnt child dreads a fire
Blowing smoke: blows smoke in your face. I know your motives behind this act; don't try to blow smoke in my eyes
Heart goes out to: to feel sympathy for someone when they are distressed. Following the aftermath of the hurricane, my heart goes out to all the residents of new orleans
High time: to refer to something that is already overdue but must be started immediately. After months of being unemployed, it's high time paul starts a business of his own rather than keep waiting for paid employment
Treasure trove: a priceless or valuable discovery. After his mother's death, david found a treasure trove when he found her collection of music records
Finishing touch: something that is added to ensure that something else is made complete. Mike was sure he would ace the auditions as he put finishing touches on his performance
Necessary evil: something unpleasant that must be done in order to achieve a goal or objective. Mike saw his going to work for his father as a necessary evil if he was ever to own his own company someday
Shades of grey: refers to a situation where things are not really clear. Tina's story to the police on how she got mugged was different shades of grey as it was not consistent
As long as: to put condition of time on an action. The car will keep running as long as you take good care of it
As for: to be regarding (something or someone). The meeting stands dissolved now. As for the agenda, I am happy to make the decisions all by myself
As far as: to the extent of something. As far as you are concerned, this chapter is over here. You are not to contact her again for anything
All of a sudden
After all
Account for: to have to provide an explanation for (something). The horrible weather accounted for more than 20 percent absenteeism at work today
According to: as mentioned by someone else either verbal or scriptural. According to the news channel, this robbery took place in the night whereas the police are stating that it happened during the day
About to: to be at the point where something was just going to be done. I was about to come to you for advice when you called me
As a matter of fact: to be or have done something in actuality. As a matter of fact, I told her just yesterday about how they tease her child in school and how he is bullied by the bigger kids
Avant-garde: this phrase refers to artists whose work was ahead of their times. This fair has many sculptures and paintings that are avant-garde
Zoom away | zoom off: to be in a hurry. The duo just zoomed off in the mist, the perfect ending to a fairy tale wedding
Out of mind
Suited and booted: formally dressed; well dressed. The party was all suited and booted to go out tonight but then the weather caught on and everything had to be cancelled
Prick up ears: to start paying attention. The teacher asked her student to prick up his ears when he kept on disturbing the class with silly jokes
Pipe down: to take to one or more notches down to its current standard. The exercise was piped down for the audiences because the original would have been too difficult for the crowd to follow
A house of cards: something that can easily be broken or crumble by itself. The police brought the illegal business down like a house of cards as per the news article but it was a much more planned affair in reality
Pull the plug: to kill or discontinue. The doctors decided to pull the plug on uncle bill when he stopped responding to all the treatment courses that they took
Practice makes perfect: to keep repeating something over and over so that one can get good at that activity. The most important thing about getting better at playing a sport is to keep playing it. There is nothing like enough practice and eventually it is the practice that will make you perfect
Put a sock in it: to ask someone to stop talking. The teacher had asked the student to be quiet several times but he was still talking. She got angry and asked him to put a sock in it
Rain check: to give an assurance of not doing something right now but later. The couple took a rain check today from the school duties because it is their anniversary and they wanted to spend the day together
Shifting sands: refers to something that is constantly changing, often making a person feel uncertain. My husband has had trouble maintaining a job in the shifting sands of the economy
So and so: used in the place of someone's name, indicating that the person is of little importance. I love how june is always telling us how she met so-and-so on her travels. Everyone knows that she is making it up
So so: average - neither bad and nor good. The new restaurant in town is so-so. It is not the worst food that I have ever eaten, but I would not go back
All the rage: when something is the height of popularity. My parents used to love the beatles. They were all the rage when they were teenagers
Earworm: a situation when a song that comes to your mind again and again. This new pitbull song is a real earworm. I haven't been able to get it out of my head since last week
Lose it: go insane or crazy. I thought he had lost it when he told me how much his new car had cost
Lost on: it means that someone did not understand the remark or joke. She seems like a very smart lady, but my sense of humour seems to be lost on her
Lost to: to be defeated by someone. I cannot believe that we lost to their team on saturday. We practised so hard
Take over: to take control of something - often by force. I can't believe that they were able to launch a takeover of our company
Mr right, ms right: the best future life partner for someone. I wish that I could meet mr right. All of the men that I meet seem so immature
A hot potato: a controversial issue or situation that is awkward or unpleasant to deal with. The subject of bullying and fighting in my school is a hot potato
Piece of cake: something that is easy to do. Learning english is a piece of cake as long as you do it with our website
Once in a blue moon: very rarely. I go to visit my grandfather only once in a blue moon; he lives in a remote farm house
A bed of roses: easy option. Taking care of my younger sister is no bed of roses; she is very silly
Raining cats and dogs: raining very heavily. I wanted to go to play outside, but it was raining cats and dogs yesterday
When pigs fly: something that will never happen or is impossible. William will keep quiet only when pigs fly
Devil's advocate: one who presents a counter argument. Hey jack! you're always playing devil's advocate! give it a rest and mind your own business
Miss the boat: miss the chance. Peter wanted to enter the drawing competition, but he was too late to enter, and he missed the boat
Apple of eye: someone very precious or dear. Every kid in the world is the apple of their parents' eye(s)
Zip your lip: to stop talking. I don't want to hear another sound out of you. Now do as you're told and zip your lip
Lone it: to do an activity alone. They asked him to go to the movies, but he decided to lone it
Burst the bubble: the sudden end of a very happy or successful period. She looked so happy about getting married that her sister just couldn't burst the bubble
Close call: a narrow escape from disaster. It was quite a close call, but my father managed to avoid hitting the animal that ran across the highway
Cat among the pigeons: do or say something that causes trouble and make a lot of people angry or worried. The foreigner put the cat among the pigeons when he made some sensitive comments about the people's religion
Go out on a limb: do or say something that is different from most other people. During an analysis of the news, he went out on a limb and expressed an opinion opposite to that held by the general public
View all idioms
Keep your chin up: be stalwart and courageous in a tough situation. Don't let the difficulties intimidate you; keep your chin up
Come a cropper: to not succeed at something. The minister came a cropper as soon as she was elected. Hence she was transferred from her ministry and given something else to do in the cabinet
By dint of
A dime a dozen: something very common and not having much value. Adventure and traveling based reality shows are now outdated and a dime a dozen
Dig own grave: do something stupid that will seriously harm oneself, cause one’s own ruin or downfall. If she continues to behave like this to her...
Dig heels in: to be firm and resolute about something. The businessman was digging heels about buying these stocks even though all of his business partners were against it. They finally had to give him his way
Dig up dirt
Never say die
The die is cast
Die in harness: to expire while working. She doesn't want to retire - she'd rather die in harness
On the horizon: an event that is most likely going to happen soon. I have seen the way your boss praises your work. I am sure that a promotion is on the horizon
Wild goose chase: wasting resource working on something that does not exist. They tampered with my research. Thank god I found it out. I'm sure they were hoping to send me on a wild goose chase as I continue my research
Kick the can down the road: to avoid dealing with a problem. I realise that the house needs to be painted but we are going to move in a few years so I am kicking the can down the road
Pat on the back
Heart touching: an event that makes you feel happy. We watched a heart-touching movie about a boy who lived next to a concentration camp during the second world war
Tick off
Mull over
Right away: to do something immediately. I promise to complete my homework right away
Turn out: to arrive at an event. They had fewer people turn out for their party than they anticipated
For a while
Curry favour: seek to gain advantage by flattery. Her uncle is so rich that she feels compelled to curry favor with him lest she does not get mentioned in the will!
Cut corners: economise on time, money, materials or effort, perhaps unwisely. It is certainly not a sensible move to cut corners with national security
On cue: to happen at the precise moment. The race started right on cue. It was indeed enthralling to watch
Take up the cudgels: argue strongly in support or against somebody or something. The whole country has taken up the cudgels for the two men accused of breaking into the school
Crystal clear
Cup of tea: to like something. This music is much more my cup of tea than this new stuff
Full cry: to talk about a subject in an eager tone. The opposition party was in full cry in the parliament yesterday to ensure that the changes proposed by the government are not passed as legislation
Comes to the crunch: in a critical moment or crucial time, or in a tight corner. It’s always the same, she promise help, but as soon...
Crowning glory: the greatest or most beautiful thing . The crowning glory of her career came six years later when the council for british research awarded cynthia...
Caught in the crossfire: be badly affected by a situation where two people or group are arguing with each other. When parents fight over trifles, their...
Quantum leap: to make a significant improvement or dramatic advancement. The store has taken a quantum leap from where it was and seems to be headed strongly in the right direction
Quote, unquote: to use a phrase which has been coined by someone else but saying it in disbelief. She wants to practice law because it is a quote – respected – unquote - field
Queer pitch: spoil somebody's chance of doing something. He queered my pitch by asking for promotion before I did
Early bird: an early rising person. If you are an early bird, you know that watching the sunrise is how breathtaking
Easier said than done: something seems like a good idea, but it would be difficult to do. The doctor advised her to stop smoking and drinking...
Jack of all trades: someone who is competent at many things but does not excel at any of them. I am very glad that my husband is a jack of all trades; it saved us a lot of money when it came to renovating our house
The calm before the storm: an extremely peaceful atmosphere right before any serious incident or crisis. The family's meeting on property dispute begins today and i'm just sitting down with a cup of coffee, enjoying the calm before the storm
Cut and thrust: furious contest, discussion, etc. The man is not sure if he has it in him to appreciate the cut and thrust of such a huge organisational business
Cry wolf: to keep asking for help, even when you don't need it. when you really need help, no one believes you. The little boy had cried wolf so many times that when he was really sick no one believed him
As the crow flies: in a straight line. The nearest hotel is about 24 kilometers away as the crow flies
Light years away: when something seems unlikely to happen. The technological advancement like flying cars is light years away
You can lead a horse to water but you can’t make him drink: we can offer good things to people but we can't force them to accept that. I have tried my level best to educate him well, but he is still having a non-serious behavior, you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink
Lion’s share: the biggest part of something. Karen always keeps a lion's share – I won't work with her anymore
Knock out: knockout. Does your brother really think that he can knock out the biggest guy in school? I would like to see him try
Mad at
Screw up
Aftermath
White lie: a harmless lie. Telling your friend that you like their new haircut, when you really don't, is an example of a white lie
Take for a ride
Get to know
Bear the brunt of: to be bearing the main force that came from a blow. The family has borne the brunt of his misdeed for a very long time. I think they should be excused now
Bread and butter: to indicate what a person earns or earns for. The person depends on you for his bread and butter, how can you be so thoughtless?
Break new ground: do something innovative. It is an interesting discovery in energy conservation field of united kingdom which definitely breaks new ground in the country’s...
Break back: overpower, get through the hardest part of something, to put a lot of efforts into doing something. He is very talented and should refuse...
Think outside the box: think out of the box. The team always thinks outside the box to come up with unique advertisements for all its clients
Living on borrowed time
Take a leaf out of life, book: follow an example set by another person; imitate another person. You need to take a leaf out of...
Bring to book: make somebody accountable for his conduct, punish somebody. It was frustrating for the victims’ kin as the police and court failed to bring...
Make no bones about: to talk openly about something, instead of being silent. She makes no bones about his feelings towards the protestors
A bolt from the blue: a sudden and unexpected event or piece of news (typically annoying). The sudden uprising in many parts of the country was utterly a bolt from the blue for the ministry
Under fire: being shot at. The politician came under fire after it was discovered that he had spend campaign money on lavish parties
First light: the time when the light begins to appear in the morning. The search for the missing children will continue at first light
Once bitten, twice shy: a bad experience cause to believe caution. I will never work with peter again. He expects everyone to do the work on his behalf, once bitten twice shy
Kick the habit: to overcome an addiction especially of an addiction like drugs. Even after trying so hard, I could not kick the habit of drinking
Make ends meet: make sufficient money to survive on. We will need to start saving money in order to make ends meet
Head above water: to succeed to survive in bad financial situations. I have to work 60 hours a week just to keep my head above water. I don't know how people do it
Up and about: to get out of the bed actively after sleep. He was up and about within a few days of the operation
Free spirit: a person who freely lives a life of his own way. His wife is a free spirit, she does not believe in the work that we do
Keep the wolf from the door: to have sufficient money to prevent starvation or hunger. Both the man and his wife must work long hours just to keep the wolf from the door
So to speak: as it where. I will tell you what is going on but only because you are already family, so to speak
Zonk out: to fall asleep very promptly. After a very hard-working day, she zonked out
Too close for comfort: to be very close to something dangerous or unwelcoming. She was standing on the edge of a cliff in the photo, too close for comfort
Jump to conclusions: to predict a situation without having sufficient information. Wait till we get the report; don't jump to conclusions
In at the deep end: to start a new job or activity without being prepared for it. Thrown in at the deep end
No picnic: used to express that an activity or action is not fun. I love having little kids around but cleaning up after them is no picnic
So far so good: progress has been satisfactory up to now. Thanks for asking; so far, so good
Feel blue: to feel sad or depressed. Yesterday I felt blue, and nothing seemed to cheer me up
Out of hand: out of control. When the police arrived, they realised the party was getting out of hand
Alma mater: the school, college, or university that one attended or in which one has studied. He was delighted when he was offered the position of professor of english at his alma mater
Brain drain: the migration of highly skilled or trained people from a particular country. The slowdown in the advanced countries triggered a reverse brain drain to developing countries
Hands are tied: to not be able to do anything about a situation. The manager tried his best to explain the situation after such a terrible mess created by the employee in the account. In the end, his hands were tied and he had to fire the staff members responsible for the mistake
Money doesn’t grow on trees: to have to put an effort in earning money. The kids need to understand that even though they have been born with a silver spoon in their mouths, that money doesn't grow on trees
Learn to walk before you run: to take smaller steps initially. The plan will gradually get the company the revenue that they need to sustain in this market but you need to learn to walk before you run
If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it: to not try to mend things that do not require it. Their marriage does not need a councillor. You should keep out and if it ain't broke, don't fix it
Still waters run deep: to have passion or furore underneath a calm expression. Though he rarely speaks in class, still waters run deep
First things first: to have a priority order. The deal is on but first things first, let's discuss how the remuneration for the work will be done
It’s better to be safe than sorry: being careful may keep away unpleasant situation. They have taught their kids to play any sport only after wearing its gear because it is better to be safe than sorry
Look before you leap: to make sure that everything is alright before doing something important which you cannot revert. You better check out the costs that you will have to incur through the duration of this lawsuit before filling it. It is always better to look before you leap
Where there’s a will, there’s a way: willpower will defeat any difficulty. The man drove through eight countries in his car. It is true, where there is a will, there is a way
Many hands make light work: to come together for a cause. The workers gathered when the company was facing financial trouble to raise capital and proved that many hands make light work
A hard nut to crack: a problem that is difficult to solve. She's such a tough nut to crack. Nobody seems to be able to get through to her
Turn against: to change from supporting something to opposing it. A section of his supporters turned against him when they heard his latest speech on immigration
Fight tooth and nail: to fight very fiercely. I want this job so i'm going to fight tooth and nail for it
Herculean task: a task requiring huge amounts of physical strength. It will be a herculean task to get through to the quarter-finals, but this untested team is up for the challenge
Call of duty: something you must do or feel compelled to do. Both of my grandfathers felt it was their call of duty to enlist immediately for active service when the war broke out
Knotty problem: difficult or complex problem. The accountant always found the end of the tax year to be a knotty problem
When life gives you lemons: make the best out of a difficult situation. She tried to live by the motto 'when life gives you lemons, make lemonade.'
Topsy-turvy: with the top at the bottom. Everything has been topsy-turvy since we moved in. I can't find anything until I unpack properly
Goose egg: zero. We had a good game, but the score was goose egg
Keep promise: be faithful to your word. How on earth can I marry him when he can't keep his promises?
Spill the beans: disclose a secret or reveal something prematurely. Lauren finally spilled the beans. She has been promoted to manager, and it's going to upset some people in the office
Weather the storm: handle a difficult period of time successfully. There haven't been any tourists this year, and the hotels, campsites, and restaurants are having to weather the storm until things pick up again
The ball is in your court: the initiative for taking action lies with somebody. We did what we could, and now the ball is in your court
On the ball: alert to new trends, ideas, and methods. The mother is glad to know that her son is always on the ball to learn new things in class
On/to hand: present, nearby, close, or easily accessible. My parents are always on hand if we need a babysitter
Time puts everything in its place: time is persistent; as it passes eventually, everything goes back to its original state or place. After my breakup with judy, I couldn't understand why things had to end so tragically, but I now understand time puts everything in its place in my new relationship
White paper: official report or guide. The government will be issuing a white paper later this week
No pain, no gain: it is necessary to work hard or strive to reap rewards. If you want to win the title next month, you have to train for an extra hour every day next week. No pain, no gain
Red tape: over excessive or time-consuming rules and bureaucracy that hinder progress. She could have finished the project last week, but it was impossible to cut through all the red tape
Take it up/down a notch: apply more effort to achieve a goal. The team got through to the quarter-finals. Now they need to take it up a notch to get to the semis
Warm-hearted: to be kind and loving. My grandmother is a very warm-hearted person, everybody loves her
Hold tongue: to keep quiet when one would rather speak. When she said that she was very hardworking I had to hold my tongue
Catnap: a short sleep, usually during the day. I had a very late night last night. I think that I will have a catnap during my lunch hour
Pardon me: it is a way of apologising for something that has been said or done. Pardon me for offending you. I didn't realise that you were sensitive to the subject
Sea change: to have a big change in perspective. There was a sea change in his personality after he married his wife
Figure out: to solve something by using reasoning. It doesn't matter how long it takes. I am going to figure out this math problem
Eat crow: being proven wrong after taking a strong stand. No that my brother has proved that I was wrong I will have to eat crow
On a silver platter: to get something without having to work for it. She has never had to work a day in her life. Her parents hand her everything on a silver platter
Fit of anger: to display a very bad temper, often by screaming a lot. When she didn't get her way, she drove off in a fit of anger
Zip past: to move past (someone or something) very fast. The guy just zipped past me in the queue today without bothering about the rules of the organization
In blood
Blood on hands: be responsible for somebody's death. This politician, who looks so successful and empathetic now has the blood of many people on his hands from the time that riots took place under his orders
Blood, sweat and tears
New kid on the block: a new arrival in a place, group or organization. As I am the new kid on the block I know that I will have to work hard to prove myself
Blind spot
Blind date: an arranged meeting for two people have never met each other before, in order to try to start a romantic relationship. She agreed to...
A blind alley: a dead end. The latest scientific theory may turn out to be a blind alley
A blessing in disguise: the misfortune which turns out to have advantages. Losing that job turned out to be a blessing in disguise for him as it forced him to plunge into business
Blaze a trail: to find a new method/technique. American scientists blazed a trail for preventing coronavirus in 2020
Blast from the past: something that suddenly and strongly that makes you remember a previous time in your life. Watching that movie again was a real...
Rat race: to be following a routine that is both, exhaustive as well as competitive. The man has been in a rat race all his life. No wonder he is enjoying his retired life to the fullest
Upper hand: to have the authority to make decisions over someone or something. The man has an upper hand to his wife. It is reflected in the way he speaks with her
Stop by: to meet someone or go somewhere in a brief and informal manner. The gardener stopped by the nursery to get some soil for his garden
Must have: to be done in a compulsory manner. The must haves this season include a tunic and a head scarf
Come across: to meet someone. The men had never come across a failure and hence did not know how to deal with it
Way around: to find an alternative for something, someone or to perform a task. The way around such a problem would mean that we lose another 6 months in the completion of this project
Just in case: to do something as a precautionary measure. The cake was ordered just in case the desert that she made did not turn up well
Race against time: effort to do something as soon as possible. The completion of this project was honestly a race against time. The client needed to have filed the documents in the court by today at any cost
Baker’s dozen: not 12 in numbers but 13. The fellow gave me a baker's dozen of cookies. It made my children very happy
In the pipeline: to be underway. The project has been in the pipeline since forever. I am not sure if it will ever get completed
A drop in the ocean: a very tiny part of something big. Her cry was only a single drop in the ocean compared to the billions of tears shed by mourners after the war
Drop a line
At the drop of a hat: at the slightest signal. We now have a situation where laws are bent at the drop of a hat
In the driver’s seat: – in control – in charge of things or situation . The availability of a wide range...
Dressed to kill: elaborately attired, dressed to draw attraction. She arrived at the reception dressed to kill
Never in wildest dreams: a situation beyond the scope of one's imagination. Never in my wildest dreams did I think she'd abandon her father
On the drawing board: – in the planning, initial or design stage . The education canter is still on the drawing board. 2. The thermal power...
Draw the line: to define a limit in anything. It all depends on your concept of fiction and where you draw the line between fact and fiction
Drag feet or heels
Down the drain: to waste something. Fixing that old car is just money down the drain, it will never run properly again
Young blood: new members that provide various new schemes and ideas for the organization. The peace corps is in need of a young blood like adam
You can say that again: used to agree with another person or group of people. She said, "this horrible weather has been killing me." he said, "you can say that again!"
You know better than that: used to express disappointment when someone makes a mistake which they probably shouldn't have. She told me that you abused her, you know better than that
You wish: used to make a sardonic comment. I told her that we have been dating for 5 years now and she said "you wish!"
You can’t win them all: indicates the reality that it is not possible to always succeed. To be very frank, I am very disappointed that they did not give me the post of  the manager as I feel I truly deserved it after 5 years of work experience. Oh well, you can't win them all you see
You’ve made your bed: to make a decision and to accept the consequences of those decisions. Don't come back when it is all over and you have nowhere to go. Once you've made your bed , you'll have to lie in it
Yes man: a person who only agrees with the crowd or a group of people in order to please them or look good in front of them. You really can't trust what donald might say in front of the boss. Everyone knows that he is just a yes man and I am not even sure if he has his own views on anything
Your call: to leave a decision on  another person. I don't really care where we go right now for dinner. It's your call
Prick ears up: listen carefully. She pricked up her ears when she heard her name being mentioned by the group chatting animatedly at the corner
Pig in a poke: something that is bought without examining properly. If you buy a used car without examining it thoroughly first, you might end up buying a pig in a poke
In a trice: in the moment, instantly. I will be there in a trice, stop calling me so often
Jot or tittle: a very small amount. I don’t want a jot or tittle of it, I want the whole thing
Year dot: a long time back. I have been living in this house since the year dot and know everyone in the vicinity by their first names
Old hat: someone who is old fashioned. the phrase can directly refer to old fashion too. Ask that old hat to keep out of my business. She has a lot to correct in her own life first
A little bird told me: it is used when a person is trying to hide the source of his information. I'd like to believe that a little birdie told you about my secret but I know exactly who it was that let you in on it
Night owl: someone who is vigilant late at night. In order to earn their bread so many people now have to turn into night owls. The customer service industry thrives on 24*7 availability of people
Shilly-shally: to be undecided. He is not shilly-shally about his plans to move to the united states of america
Filthy rich: someone who is rich beyond measure. His father is filthy rich so obviously he is not worried about choosing the right university. He can get admission in any of them that he chooses
Love at first sight: strong and immediate attraction to someone you have just met. For sarah and samuel, it was love at first sight, and they have now decided to get married
Tall story: a story that cannot be believed easily. You cannot believe everything he says since most of them are just tall stories
Stiff upper lip: to be brave in the face of adversity. Throughout the funeral of her parents, mary kept a stiff upper lip
Wet behind the ears: immature or poor skill. From the way the soldier handled the gun, everyone could tell that he was wet behind the ears
Kill the goose that lays the golden egg: to destroy something that is profitable to you mostly because of greed. By selling off his business, alex killed the goose that lays the golden egg
In a nutshell: to be brief and straight to the point. In a nutshell, all the new mayor was saying is that the fight against crime will be taken much more seriously
Keep your nose clean: to stay out of trouble by not doing anything wrong. By avoiding the drug dealers on the corner street, james was making an effort to keep his nose clean
Cat got your tongue: used to refer a time when someone has nothing to say. Speak up boy or cat got your tongue?
From now on: used to refer a time in the not so distant future. From now on, every student must switch off their phones before coming to my class
Head-on: front-to-front. Even with the increased hostility at work, amanda faced all her colleagues head-on as she pitched her new proposal
Bite the bullet: to endure a painful experience that you cannot avoid. When the time comes, i'll bite the bullet and take my punishment without a fuss
In a pickle: to be in a difficult situation. Seeing as the deadline was looming and grace was yet to round up the project, she realised she was in a pickle
A hot potato: a controversial issue or situation that is awkward or unpleasant to deal with. The subject of bullying and fighting in my school is a hot potato
Piece of cake: something that is easy to do. Learning english is a piece of cake as long as you do it with our website
Once in a blue moon: very rarely. I go to visit my grandfather only once in a blue moon; he lives in a remote farm house
A bed of roses: easy option. Taking care of my younger sister is no bed of roses; she is very silly
Raining cats and dogs: raining very heavily. I wanted to go to play outside, but it was raining cats and dogs yesterday
When pigs fly: something that will never happen or is impossible. William will keep quiet only when pigs fly
Devil's advocate: one who presents a counter argument. Hey jack! you're always playing devil's advocate! give it a rest and mind your own business
Miss the boat: miss the chance. Peter wanted to enter the drawing competition, but he was too late to enter, and he missed the boat
Apple of eye: someone very precious or dear. Every kid in the world is the apple of their parents' eye(s)
Zip your lip: to stop talking. I don't want to hear another sound out of you. Now do as you're told and zip your lip
Lone it: to do an activity alone. They asked him to go to the movies, but he decided to lone it
Burst the bubble: the sudden end of a very happy or successful period. She looked so happy about getting married that her sister just couldn't burst the bubble
Close call: a narrow escape from disaster. It was quite a close call, but my father managed to avoid hitting the animal that ran across the highway
Cat among the pigeons: do or say something that causes trouble and make a lot of people angry or worried. The foreigner put the cat among the pigeons when he made some sensitive comments about the people's religion
Go out on a limb: do or say something that is different from most other people. During an analysis of the news, he went out on a limb and expressed an opinion opposite to that held by the general public
View all idioms
Stands to reason: to reach a logical conclusion. The company stands to reason that the project will take at least another six months to conclude given that none of the managers have a better grip on the work
Up to no good: to have an evil plan. The children can be up to no good cooped up in that attic together for two hours. You must go up and check
Zip it: to ask someone to shut up. The teacher had asked the class to zip it but today everybody seemed to want to talk a lot. So she punished the entire class
In vain: without success. It seems as if the merger will go through and all our hard work has been in vain
Sleep tight: an affectionate way of wishing someone a good night's sleep. I am going to bed now. Good night, sleep tight
On your mark: absolutely accurate. Runners, please get ready. On your mark, get set, go!
Too close to call: a margin that is too close to determine a winner. There are only a few minutes left in the match and it is too close to call
The devil is beating his wife: raining whereas the sun is shining. Today, the devil is beating his wife in our city - it's raining cats and dog and sun is also shining
When hell freezes over: impolite way of saying "it will never happen". I guess, she will forgive you when hell freezes over
All that glitters is not gold: the shining outer look of something is not a consistent sign of its real character. My grandmother advised me to be careful about making new friends because all that glitters is not gold
Cut the crap: a very crude way of telling someone to stop doing something that you do not like. Please cut the crap and tell us what really happened at his birthday party
Wind up: to be annoyed by someone. My sister really knows how to wind me up
Up to the mark: to be good enough. Your exam results this term were not up to the mark
Hang up: to disconnect a phone call. it is often used when someone does not want to continue a conversation. If you do not stop complaining then I will hang up on you
In a row: to happen a couple of consecutive times without break. He has been sick for three days in a row
And so on: and related stuff. I enjoy outdoor sports like swimming, surfing, hiking and so on
Black hole: a place in which things are lost never to be seen again. My handbag is a black hole. You can try and find the keys in there but I can’t promise anything
See the light: realise or understand something. After my terrible grade in mathematics I saw the light and started working harder
Spanner in the works: a roadblock that prevents an activity from succeeding. The lack of power has thrown a spanner in the works regarding our ms-powerpoint presentation
Of course: with absolute certainty. Of course, I will help you to move. That's what friends are for
Under the weather: to be ill or feel ill. I did not go to work today, as I was feeling a bit under the weather
Don’t put all your eggs in one basket: don't make everything dependent on one thing. It would be better if you applied to several companies instead of just one; don't put all your eggs in one basket
Drastic times call for drastic measures: extreme circumstances can only be resolved by equally extreme actions. After the company had posted losses for the third consecutive year, the board decided to replace all of its top management. After all, drastic times call for drastic measures
Don’t give up the day job: a usually humorous way of telling someone not to pursue something full time as he or she is not good at it. I watched your performance at the theater today. My advice is don't give up your day job
Cut the mustard: to succeed. My neighbor had applied for the post of architect in a big project, but did not cut the mustard
Devil’s advocate: one who presents a counter argument. I agree with what you say, but i'll play devil's advocate so that we can cover all the possibilities that may arise
Don’t count your chickens before they hatch: do not count on something that has not yet happened. Before committing to make the payment, wait till you receive the money from the bank. Don't count your chickens before they hatch
Turn the tables: change your position with respect to someone else. After flying back to town I went to jenna's place uninformed to surprise her & to my amaze she had already planned a party to welcome me. I should have known she is smart enough to turn the tables
Tall poppy: a privileged or distinguished person. Recently a party was hosted in the city where all the tall poppies were invited to raise charity for clean shelters in suburbs
In tandem: one after another. He often works in tandem with an engineer, one coding for the website and the other taking care of website design
Part brass rags: quarrel and break off friendship with someone. Both of them parted off rags with each other after a misunderstanding between them due to the other person
Read the riot act: warning someone by scolding them to improve their behavior. She'd been bearing bad behavior from her employee and thought it was time to read him the riot act
Ray of sunshine: someone or something that brings hope into the lives of others. Amid the sorrow her son had been a real ray of sunshine
Not playing with a full deck: not mentally sound. With the number of silly remarks he comes up with, I wonder if he's not playing with a full deck
A picture is worth a thousand words: a picture conveys information more effectively than words. A good presentation should contain more of graphics and less of text, since a picture is worth a thousand words
Pull the wool over eyes: to deceive someone. I'm not as dumb as you think; don't try to pull the wool over my eyes
See eye to eye: to agree fully with someone. Though they work as a team, they often don't see eye to eye on most issues
Sit on the fence: delay or avoid making a decision or choice. Has he decided which offer he is going to accept or is he still sitting on the fence?
Make a long story short: abbreviate a long explanation into a short one. Cut a long story short
Miss the boat: miss a chance. The discounted price sale ended today and I just missed the boat on making a great deal
Dog tired: very tired. Now, I am dog-tired after three days of the journey
Throw to the wolves
Dog’s life
Dog in the manger: one who prevents others from enjoying something despite having no use for it. Stop being such a dog in the manger and let your sister ride your bike if you're not using it
Dog eat dog: a very competitive world. The only rule of the marketplace was dog-eat-dog
In the dock
Dos and don’ts
Do or die: a situation in which you must take a big risk in order to avoid failure. A do-or-die attempt to halt the invaders
Divide and conquer or rule
Treat like dirt: behave someone very badly without respect. My boss treats all his employees like dirt
Strive to do: to try very hard to achieve. This is perhaps the only politician that I have come across who strives to do what he promised
None of your lip: to ask someone to stop speaking. You have broken the window panes while the mother is not home now. I want none of your lip, and you will help me clean this out before she is back
Take effect
Time and again
Back to the wall: to be in a difficult situation. They have him with his back to the wall and now he has no more options but to pay back the debtors or go to jail for fraud
Within earshot
Concern with
Comb through: to check thoroughly. The police combed through their house after the income tax authorities left the building
Chill to the bone: to get frightened or scare somebody. The movie they played on cable last night gave me a chill to the bone. I will not be watching a night time movie any time soon
Keep on top
Take a hike: go away. We're all sick of you saying the same things over and over again. Why don't you just take a hike?
Just what the doctor ordered: exactly what the doctor ordered. I was so hungry, and that meal was absolutely delicious! it was just what the doctor ordered
Blow your own trumpet: to say things that makes your own self or kin look good. The crew tried to blow their own trumpet but the manager did not buy their story
Tear-jerking: a story that is purposefully sentimental. This movie is a total tear-jerking for anyone who has lost a parent
Spine-tingling: to be very horrific. The movie has the most spine-tingling end that you would never be able to guess
Has-been: to have had a wonderful past but no present or future in the field. The company is now just a has-been
Page-turner: a thrilling book. The book is a page-turner and now I cannot take a break until I complete reading it
Household name: to be very popular. The character is a household name because people are able to identify with the struggles that he faces
The last thing I want: I don't want. The report showed up all the flaws in the project, and that was the last thing I wanted!
Do justice to: to speak of or otherwise show a person or thing in its true light. Your plan is excellent - it really does justice to all of the ideas we put forward
Die hard
Give the devil his due: give credit to an opponent's merits, grudgingly or not. I don't like what the new management has done, but give the devil his due, sales have improved
Between the devil and the deep blue sea: between two equally difficult or unacceptable choices. Trying to please both his boss and his wife puts him between...
Have designs on: contrive a secret plot or scheme, especially with selfish motives. I think she has designs on my science project for the purpose of...
Deliver the goods: do what is required. So far the team's new player has failed to deliver the goods. He failed to open his account in his first three games
Get a raw deal
Fall on deaf ears
Over my dead body: in no way, under no circumstances. You will go on a date with my sister over my dead body!
Dead and buried
Day of reckoning: the time when an unpleasant situation has to be dealt with. Ignoring the study near exams will definitely bring you the day of...
Miles to go before I sleep: you have a lot to do before you can rest. We need to get all of these files completed before anyone leaves. There are miles to go before I sleep
Fat chance: when there is little or no chance of something happening. Did you really think that he would show up to work the day after a long weekend? fat chance!
Point out: to identify something within a group. I have to go to the office to point out the person that keeps jamming the printer
Take it on the chin: this is a boxing metaphor meaning don't shy away from difficulty. You're going to have to take it on the chin when your father gets home and sees what you've done
You can’t teach an old dog new tricks: you cannot make others change their habits. I tried to make my grandmother learn how to use a smartphone but it was just like you can't teach an old dog new tricks
The best is yet to come: whatever is happening now will be surpassed by something better in the future. I am glad that you are enjoying your holiday,the best is yet to come
Give a shot: to have a try at something. I have never eaten sushi, but I will give it a shot
Take turns: to alternate doing something. I understand that everybody wants to try driving, but you will have to take turns
High roller: a wealthy person or company who spends their money in a risky way, often by making risky investments that can offer large rewards. I would never invest money in their company. They are high rollers and I cannot afford that kind of risk
Cut the crap: a very crude way of telling someone to stop doing something that you do not like. Please cut the crap and tell us what really happened at his birthday party
Axe to grind: have a private or selfish reason for doing something. He should not become the chairman of the committee as he has too many axes of his own to grind
Adam’s ale: water. It is blistering hot outside, I could really do with an iced cold glass of adam's ale
Keep at arm’s length: keep distance from something or somebody. I like to keep my office colleagues at arm's length outside of office. I don't want them in my personal life
In the ascendant: to become more powerful. The jones' have been in the ascendant ever since the 1800's. They are now the most influential family in the united kingdom, after the queen's own of course
Have been around
Armed to the teeth: heavily and formidably armed, usually with deadly weapons. The alleged tax-defaulter was ready for all their questions, and armed to the teeth with proof of his innocence
As and when: at the time when (used to refer to an uncertain future event). Most people in this city don't own a car - they just rent one as and when they need it
Up in arms: angry. My mom was up in arms about the new salary cuts rumoured to be put in place
Long arm of the law: the extensive influence of the authorities. It is not easy for criminals to escape the long arm of the law in a developed country like united kingdom
Seal of approval: an official sign of approval. The government finally agreed to give the new pension policy its seal of approval
Make a mountain out of a molehill: magnifying the content. You are just making a mountain out of a molehill, you just gave a wrong answer, it doesn't mean you're not going to qualify to the second round
Dead as a doornail: becoming obsolete. The flowers are all dead as a doornail
Dead in the water: unable to produce movement. Their company is trying to revive an income that is dead in the water
Rule out: to exclude out something. Rule out each and every word from the application which you don’t want the principal to read
As a result: the outcome of something that you have done. As a result of this mishap, he was not on work for a week
Spend a fortune: spend a small fortune. Do not spend a fortune on the gifts to make others happy
Black day: it is a day on which something terrible has happened. My grandmother told me that it is a black day tomorrow
Fake it till you make it: portray yourself like the person you always wanted to become. I had no idea that her family is so illiterate as she always pretended to be classy. Fake it till you make it
Six of one, half a dozen of the other: comparison between the two things which are identical. If I go north or south, I will turn up at the same location. It is six of one, half dozen of the other
Out of business: out of operational conditions. If we keep on selling our goods at the same price, we will soon go out of business
Set off: to start a journey. We would like to set off for paris by 10 o'clock tomorrow morning
Catch up: to get to the same level, standard, or status as something or someone. Singapore is trying so hard to catch up with japan when it comes to technological advancements
You’re on: used to accept a challenge or bet. Max: I challenge you to join me in my 100km run this month. Samuel: you're on!
Put the brakes on: to stop or slow down an activity. The economic situation is not looking good because of brexit and this making the prime minister put the brakes on international investments
Easy does it: used to tell someone to go ahead with something with slowly, and carefully. Sandra: I asked him for a simple drawing! to be honest, I am so angry right now. Andrew: easy does it, sandra. We will make sure he refunds the money
Mark my words: used to let someone know to pay attention to what you are saying because it is very important especially when you are certain something would happen in future. Mark my words, she won't regret taking me up on my offer
Pie in the sky: used to portray or refer to something that is lovely to consider however is probably not going to happen. Her dream of wanting to move to london to become a famous singer is a pie in the sky if you ask me
Easter egg: a decorated or dyed egg usually given to children at easter. While scrolling down the menu of grand theft auto v, I happened upon an easter egg
Out of the frying pan into the fire: to go from a bad to worse situation. In a bid to gain independence, she agreed to get married early, not knowing she was jumping out of the frying pan into the fire
Act of god: an occurrence of out of control natural forces in action. No matter how strong you are but you can't stop the acts of god
Do the trick: successfully achieve a result. If nothing seems to be working, just pray to the god, sometimes that does the trick
Deals with: be concerned with something. We will have to plan our strategy to deal with the rising incident of theft
Just deserts: get what one deserves. After the supervisor was suspended, many workers felt that he got his just deserts
In high dudgeon: feeling or exhibiting great resentment. After the scuffle, the man who was affronted left in high dudgeon
Dribs and drabs: in small irregular quantities. The checks for the charity are coming in dribs and drabs
Drop a bombshell: make an unexpected, startling or disturbing announcement. My sister dropped a bombshell by announcing she was discontinuing her study for a job
Double whammy: situation where two bad things happen at the same time. Boss fired me from the job and I lost my wallet too, what a double whammy?
On the dot: exactly on time. We were asked to be there at five on the dot
Dead end: a street, corridor, road, pipe etc., that has no exit. The interlocutors have reached a dead end in their efforts to discover a peaceful solution to the imbroglio
Deja vu: already seen (literal meaning in french). She suddenly had a strong sense of déjà vu
Bona fide: to be genuine, verified. The text on this website is bona fides, always
As bold as brass
Blue blood: a member of an upper-class family. The new student is very arrogant because his blood is blue
A wet blanket: person who spoils other people’s fun. She was indisposed so she decided to skip the party, not wanting to be a wet blanket...
Bird of passage: a transient. She moves out nearly every year; she's a true bird of passage
Between you and me
Butterflies in stomach: to feel very nervous and restless. He had butterflies in his stomach as he walked out onto the stage for his dance performance
Give a wide berth: avoid somebody; keep away from somebody. He has fallen out with her adviser and has been giving her a wide berth for a couple...
Turn back on: choose not to speak to. The client has been given a commitment, we cannot turn back on the project now even if it means working for extra hours
Let bygones be bygones: what's done is done. The two international rivals shook hands and agreed to let bygones be bygones
God helps those who help themselves: to be able to come out of a bad situation by self-help rather than hoping for divine intervention. The businessman refused to help you this time because he realized that you run to him every time you have the slightest difficulty. Please remember that he has a business to run and god helps only those who help themselves
Never look a gift horse in the mouth: it is an advice to be grateful for gifts. My sister got furious when I tried to see how valuable the diamond on the ring she gifted me was and told me to never look a gift horse in the mouth
The early bird catches the worm: it refers to people who arrive earlier are the ones who get the best deals. The admissions in this college get filled in very early. If you really want to enroll your son here then you should remember that the early bird catches the worm
Discretion is the greater part of valour: to be quiet about it after helping someone out. The man I admire the most has always taught me that discretion is the greater part of valour
There’s no place like home: to have an affinity for one's home over every other place. The troops finally retreated and the men get to go home to their families now. There is no place like home
There’s no such thing as a free lunch: to be aware of something that seems free of cost but may have a charge levied in another form. The company has asked the employees to fill in extra work hours this month when the incentive was paid out. There is no such thing as a free lunch
Birds of a feather flock together: to form groups with people with similar interests and tastes. The team is divided into people of the same region batting against the others. Birds of a feather flock together
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer: to keep a keen eye on enemies beyond what one might have on their friends. As a politician you must keep your friends close and your enemies closer
Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst: be optimistic but ready for hard times as well. The tendency these days is to hope for the best, but prepare for the worst. Else in our days we would never be speaking about failing an exam
Fortune favours the bold: it refers to people who face problems with determination and courage are the ones who attain massive levels of success. The guy should have gone all out to achieve his destiny. He would have been married to the love of his life had he showed some courage back then. Fortune favours the bold
Make sense: to be able to reason something out. The presentation did not make sense at all. It was way off the topic
Building blocks: something that is a basic element (of the subject). The building blocks of success, in my view, come from perseverance and hard work
Brought forward: to bring forth. The meeting has been brought forward by the board and we have to start preparing for it right away
Kill time: to wait for something by doing something or nothing. The team was killing time at the stadium before it was their turn to play
Surgical strike: to cause injury or damage to the intended targets. The surgical strikes that the indian army carried out in the year 2016 were an example of the strength that they hold. The enemy better not mess around here
Take breath away: astonish; surprise; amaze or astound somebody. The ring literally took my breath away. There was a monster of a diamond on it
Made it: used to indicated the completion of a task. "it is so amazing that you made it because we heard that it was a very difficult task."
You bet: for sure. The manager will pull this deal off. You bet on something else about him because this is definitely happening
Come what may: anything happens; whatever come about. The girl has decided to marry him come what may. She will proceed even if her entire family is against her decision
You’ve got to be kidding: implies that something that someone said is a joke. Dan said. "i got a job as an associate professor in the university! wow!" tina replied. "you've got to be kidding!"
All greek to me: used to convey that you cannot understand what is being said or written. Don't try to explain the technicalities of how this machine works; it would be all greek to me
All bark and no bite: threatening, aggressive, but not willing to engage in a fight. I heard he has threatened you with dire consequences if you don not stop that construction. Don't worry, he is all bark and no bite
Toss-up: a situation where the result is unclear and can go either way. They had a tough time selecting the team for the big match. In the end, it was a toss-up between having the most experienced players and having a youthful team full of raw energy
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush: what you already have is more valuable than the prospect to have something greater. You may not like your job, but don't quit merely on the hope of finding a better one. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
Ask out: invite someone to go out, especially on a date. When he finally asked her out, she readily accepted, and very soon they were dating on a regular basis
End of story: there is  nothing more to add to the matter under discussion. I did not invite her because I did not want her to come to my party. End of story
Joined at the hip: two people who are inseparable. Chris and jenny have been joined at the hip since they started dating each other a year ago. You would never see one without the other
Dog days: hot, sultry days. During the dog days of summer, people prefer to remain indoors and go out as little as possible
Hard cheese: bad luck, tough luck. The construction workers have a tough time out there, working continuously in the sweltering heat. It's really hard cheese for them
Salad days: the time of youth, innocence and inexperience. They had met in their salad days and had fallen in love. Naturally, the union did not last long and they separated a few years later
Baby blues: the depression that is caused to new mothers after childbirth. Do not speak to her in a rude tone, she is just going through some baby blues right now and needs compassion from you
Cold turkey: in a unexpected and sudden way. He had been trying to quit smoking since a year but couldn't, so he decided to go cold turkey
Sit tight: wait patiently. Just relax and sit tight, we'll get the problem sorted for you
A bunch of fives: this phrase refers to the human fist where the bunch of fives literally point out to the five digits. The two enemy groups in the college this time came together for a fight with nothing but their bunch of fives
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link: this proverb means what it states, literally. No matter how confident the cheer-leading group is in carrying out the human pyramid gig, the team is only as strong as its weakest link
Ginger up: to cheer up a group or any activity. As soon as they heard about the picnic - the children in the class gingered up
As mad as a hatter: it refers to someone being completely crazy. The way he dressed for the event, he must be as mad as a hatter
Name is mud: it means that the person is extremely unpopular. If you keep hanging out with the local goons then soon your name will be mud too
Lose touch: fail to keep in contact. Michelle was my best friend at the university. But over the years we've lost touch
Scratch back: do someone a favour hoping that a favour will be returned. I don't mind helping him out this time, he's scratched my back many times
Go the extra mile: to make an extra effort. When it comes to weaker students, the teacher goes the extra mile to help them understand
Hang in there: wait, be patient till things work out. Our company is going through tough times, but we're hanging in there; things will surely work out
Come out swinging: be confrontational. The government came out swinging against the oppositions charges of corruption during the debate
Shoot from the hip: speak directly or bluntly, without caring for consequences. Even if you don't agree with your boss' ideas, don't shoot from the hip. It won't augur well for your growth
Tar with the same brush: to think that somebody has the same bad qualities as others in a similar surrounding. Though the impression is that all government officials are corrupt, some of them are quite honest; its not fair to tar them with the same brush
Go down in flames: to fail spectacularly. The company went down in flames after reports came out that it had been financing illegal activities
Cut somebody some slack: give additional freedom to someone. I know he is not up to the mark right now but let's cut him some slack. He's new to this environment and needs time to adjust
Leave no stone unturned: do everything that is possible in order to achieve something. The chief of security said that his team would leave no stone unturned in nabbing the miscreants
Your guess is as good as mine: I don't know. If you want to know which one is the best of these movies, well, your guess is as good as mine
Pull yourself together: to calm down and behave normally after an upsetting event. I know its difficult to get over your loss, but try to pull yourself together and get on with life
Pop the question: propose marriage to someone. I heard you had a special date with tom yesterday; so did he pop the question, then?
Double date: a date on which two couples go together. When jim and sam went on a double date with their girlfriends, they had a fun evening together
Those three little words: the three words "i love you". It is obvious that steve really loves sarah, but she told me that he has not said those three little words yet
Walk out on: end a relationship with someone suddenly. Everyone was shocked when he walked out on his wife of fourteen years and their two beautiful children aged ten and seven
Leave at the altar: decide not to marry someone at the very last moment. Judy was devastated when her fiance did not turn up for their wedding and left her at the altar
Break up | split up: end a romantic relationship with someone. After having been married for eight years, their decision to break up came as a huge surprise to their friends
Kiss and make up: to become friendly again after an argument. After having a heated argument the previous night, the young couple kissed and made up and decided to settle their differences amicably
Wear heart on sleeve: display your emotions openly. It was evident that he was in love with her. He wore his heart on his sleeve and you could see how he felt about her
Let your heart rule your head: do something based on emotions rather than logic. I think it would be unwise for you to be in a relationship with him; he is a known womanizer. Don't let your heart rule your head
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder: different people have different ideas and views about what is beautiful. I don't see why he finds her attractive, I think she is downright ugly; but, beauty is in the eye of the beholder, as they say
Against the grain: a difficult path to be followed. It is against the grain for me to tackle dishonest people
Music to ears: something that is soothing to your ears. Our teacher told us that we will get a long summer break and this was just music to my ears
Apples to apples: having a fair comparison between the two things. To find out who is stronger is the apples to apples measure their capability to win the first prize in the field of olympics
By chance: something which was not planned to happen. He told himself that it was by chance so as to bring peace to his mind
Take for granted: to underestimate the value of something or someone. I took the weather for granted when I lived in america. Now I am struggling to get used to the cold
Mind your own beeswax: do not interfere into someone else's matter. I am not asking for your opinion, mind your own beeswax
Walking on air: to be very happy (elated). I have been walking on air since I found out that I have been awarded a scholarship to study music
Lean towards: to be interested in something. I am not sure which couch would look best in our house. I am leaning towards the blue one. What do you think?
Chill pill: something that has a relaxing outcome. Can someone please tell matthew to take a chill pill? we will be on time for the party
Bundle up: to dress warmly to protect oneself from the elements. It is important to bundle up before you go out to keep from getting cold
The other side of the coin: the opposite aspect, contrasting arguments. The other side of the coin is that less working hours will get you a...
Cock and bull story: complicated, ridiculous, or unbelievable story. She started to tell some cock and bull story to the police officers about how she found a huge bag containing 5 pounds of gold
Cloud nine: very happy. She's been on cloud nine since she heard the news of her engagement
Out of the closet: go public about something private or hidden. He was in his late teens when he came out of the closet
Closed book
Clear the decks
Clean sweep: an irresistible victory. The forecasters are predicting of making a clean sweep for the ruling party in the approaching election
Make a clean breast: confess completely. While wedged stealing in super market, robert daniel decided to make a clean breast of it to the owner of...
Come clean: to make a disclosure. The guy came clean after the police had started their investigation about the robbery
Round the clock: continuously or interrupted. The counselor has been working round the clock with patients. His dedication has been acknowledged by the hospital through this award
Make all the difference: influence someone or something in a positive way. It will make all the difference when a mother phone calls their daughter before they head out for an interview
Under the auspices: under the protection, sponsorship, or patronage. We restored the home under the auspices of the historical society
Look on the bright side: always try to see the good things even in bad situations. Don't worry about your exam score; look on the bright side. It is a significant improvement from the previous exam
Big brother: a large organization or government agency that tries to control all aspects of human life and society. You need to aware of everything you do around here. Big brother sees everything
In broad daylight: during the daytime. Politicians strongly condemn corruption and nepotism during political rallies, yet they go ahead and misuse public resources in broad daylight
The buck stops here: the responsibility for a situation or a problem with somebody. The buck stops with
Cut the cord: to end a connection with someone. In order to achieve true independence, developing countries must cut the cord and stop asking for financial aid from the developed countries
Sponger, sponging, sponge off: someone who scrounges from others. Josh has turned up at my house three times this week just as i'm cooking dinner. What a sponger!
Call bluff: to challenge to prove one's claim, when they are likely attempting to deceive. When the employee threatened to quit if he was not given a pay rise, the boss called his bluff
Hit the road: depart. We'd better pack the car and hit the road before it gets dark
Miss the boat: miss a chance. The discounted price sale ended today and I just missed the boat on making a great deal
Method to madness: a purpose in doing something that is seemingly crazy. You may be thinking that I have gone crazy, but there's a method to my madness
All ears: saying that you are all ears means the other person has got your full attention in terms of listening to him. Kids in my class were all ears when I was telling them the story
Queensberry rules: standard rules of polite or acceptable behavior. It was ensured by the police that both the parties adhered to the queensberry rules during their hearing session in the high court
Qui vive: on the alert or lookout. Their duty requires most of the soldiers to be on the qui vive at the siachen of kashmir india battlefield
Rack your brains: put great effort to think of or remember something. I have been racking my brain all day trying to think of place where I kept my car keys
Live at rack and manger: in between plenty and abundance. He is been living at rack and manger since the time he joined his new job as a manager
Let sleeping dogs lie: its best to leave a situation as it is if disturbing it might cause trouble. As eliza was in good spirits that morning, andy decided not to bring up the argument they had last night. It was best to let sleeping dogs lie
Kill two birds with one stone: accomplish two different things at the same time. I have to go to the bank, and on the way back, i'll pick up the groceries as well, killing two birds with one stone
Balancing act: an action that needs a fine balance between different conditions or wishes. A working woman in our country has to constantly perform a balancing act between excelling in her career and taking care of the family
Close call: a narrow escape from disaster. It was quite a close call, but my father managed to avoid hitting the animal that ran across the highway
Cat among the pigeons: do or say something that causes trouble and make a lot of people angry or worried. The foreigner put the cat among the pigeons when he made some sensitive comments about the people's religion
Go out on a limb: do or say something that is different from most other people. During an analysis of the news, he went out on a limb and expressed an opinion opposite to that held by the general public
Bury the hatchet: make peace and end a quarrel, settle one's differences to become friends again. After many quarrelling years, the two political parties finally decided to bury the hatchet
All hell will let loose: a situation suddenly becomes noisy and violent, usually with a lot of people arguing or fighting. All hell will let loose when the caged animals break out of their cages
In cold blood: in a cruel way and without pity or other emotion. One young lady was shot dead in cold blood inside the premises of the shopping complex
Know on which side bread is buttered: know what is to one's advantage. She's far too clever to irritate her employer as she knows which side her bread is buttered on
Recharge one’s batteries: take a break or holiday to relax and regain one's vim and vigour. After all of this hard work, set some time aside to recharge your batteries
Pass the buck: passing blame to another person. That particular supervisor tends to pass the buck of all light duties to newly hired interns
Make all the difference: influence someone or something in a positive way. It will make all the difference when a mother phone calls their daughter before they head out for an interview
Make do: to cope with something even though the circumstances are not ideal. I will make do without all of the research and send you a proposal by the end of the day
Leg it: an informal way of telling someone to run in order to evade capture. We were trespassing on their property. When the alarm went off we had to leg it or we would be caught
Snow under: to bury or cover something or somebody in the snow (literal meaning). I feel snowed under with all the work my boss keeps throwing my way
Last long: existing or persevering for a significant amount of time. The debate on whether man and woman were created equal has been long-lasting and significant
Next of kin: close relative. We cannot release the names of the soldiers killed at the battle of normandy until we've informed their next of kin
Fall from grace: to lose status, respect or prestige. The economic and finance minister's fall from grace gave her detractors great satisfaction
Go with the flow: to do what other people are doing in any particular situation. Kevin didn't want to be part of the protest, but all his friends wanted to stand for something, so he chose to go with the flow
Neck and neck: extremely near one another. The two athletes have been neck and neck for this entire race
Under the radar: off the radar. They managed to stay under the radar for years, after stealing all that money from their friends
Get your goat: irritate somebody. She got my goat the moment she said my mother was no good at parenting
Zero-sum game: to be in a situation where the outcomes can either be to win or to lose. The budget division is a zero-sum game
A voice crying in the wilderness: to say something that is not popular. The tales are interesting if you are into that kind of thing but for me it is like listening to a voice crying in the wilderness
At the drop of a dime: something that can happen very fast without hesitation. The play can begin at the drop of a dime, you just need to say the word
Time after time: to repeat something. The narrator repeated her name time after time in the story but I could not understand her connection with the plot until the very end of the story
Roll the dice: to gamble or take a chance on something or someone. The bartender decided to roll the dice and use rum for the cocktail since they were out of gin
Sitting duck: to be an easy target. The fact that she had no backup plan in case she got caught made her a sitting duck
Throw the baby out with the bathwater: to remove something good in the bid of getting rid of something bad. Janet quitting her job because her ex started working there is a classic example of throwing out the baby with the bathwater
Skating on thin ice: to do something considered quite dangerous or risky. Sebastian using all his savings to buy blue chip stocks is definitely skating on thin ice
Playing second fiddle: to play a secondary or minor role with regards to someone else. Sheila was determined to be the star of the show and she was not going to play second fiddle to anyone
Mend fences: to try and improve a bad relationship with another party. After the nasty fight with her sister, alice decided to mend fences by buying her sister some presents
Takes two to tango: certain actions or activities cannot be performed alone - they  need two people to participate. Don't blame me for the argument. It takes two to tango! you are equally responsible
Hit the nail on the head: be accurately right about something. Stephen hit the nail on the head when he said that what the company was lacking in was clear vision and focus
Hit the sack: to go to bed. I am really tired after all that exercise. I am going to hit the sack
In the heat of the moment: saying or doing something without thinking due go anger or excitement. He really didn't mean what he said about you. He said it in the heat of the moment
Wash hands of: abandon taking responsibility for someone or something. That job did no good to me. I washed my hands of it few months back and joined another one
Warn off: inform someone forcefully to stay at a distance. The board was placed near the manhole to warn off the kids from playing there
Make a virtue of necessity: extract something beneficial from an unwelcome obligation. It's was a long journey from delhi to australia so I thought I would make a virtue of necessity and write some articles that had to be submitted to the magazines
Viper in bosom: a person who deceives you after receiving help from you. I got my friend a good position in my company and all he did is convinced my manager to get him the designation I had in the project. He was no more than a viper in my bosom
Far cry from: something that is very different from something else. The apartment they live in now is a far cry from the huge mansion they once used to have
Hear on the grapevine: to hear rumours about something. I heard on the grapevine that he was being promoted, but I don't know anything further
To a t: done precisely. The announcement of chief guest's arrival at the school annual function was timed to a t
Monkey business: silly act. I want to sleep. Stop disturbing me by your monkey business
Accidentally on purpose: performing an action intentionally and pretending to either oneself or to the world that as an accident. I hate this flower vase so much, some day I might drop it accidentally on purpose
Add fuel to the flames: an action, whether verbal or physical that makes a bad situation even worse. The presidential candidate’s provocative speech in these violent times is only going to add fuel to the flames
Backseat driver: co-passenger who unnecessarily criticizes the driver while himself doing nothing. I cannot stand my relatives being backseat driver to me
Can’t judge a book by its cover: outward appearance cannot be an indicator of someone or something's value or worth. The candidate did not look very intelligent, but you can't judge a book by its cover
Caught between two stools: come between two alternatives, and so fail to fulfill either of them. This book cannot be an academic one nor can it be a popular commercial one; it falls between two stools
Take name in vain: use someone's name in a way that shows a lack of respect. Atheists find one way or the other to take god's name in vain
Yesterday’s man: someone especially a politician whose career is finished. The officer is retiring from his job next month, soon he will be a yesterday's man
Be up on: be well informed about a matter or subject. If you want to start teaching english to grown-up kids, you need to be up on it else you're going to be unable to clarify their doubts
Chip on shoulder: holding a grudge or grievance. He's always picking up fights with everyone. He seems to have a chip on his shoulder
Jump the gun: start something too soon or early, especially without thinking. The media jumped the gun and gave out their verdict of the scandal even before the investigation was complete
Over the moon: extremely pleased or happy. Judy was over the moon when tim proposed to her
Hit the books: to study very hard. I have an exam tomorrow, I need to hit the books tonight
Stone’s throw: a short distance. His workplace is a stone's throw away from his home
Let the chips fall where they may: let something happen, no matter what happens after that. Honesty demands that you tell the truth about what happened, and let the chips fall where they may
Tickled pink: excited and happy. His wife was tickled pink when he sent her flowers and gifts at work for no reason
Blow away: impress someone very much. This new has has such an interesting story and an amazing ending that it just blew me away
Couldn’t care less: total lack of interest in something. I have heard that my ex is going through another break-up, but I couldn't care less
Sell someone out: to betray someone. The company had put a lot of trust on him, but he sold them out by leaking confidential information to the competitors
Do one’s bit
Birds of a feather: people with similar tastes, interests and background. According to the surprising finding of the report, there is no guarantee that people who...
Bird’s eye view
A bird in the hand: a possession that is worthy. The fact is that he did not realise that a bird in the hand was worth more and went after having an extra marital affair. Now he neither has his wife nor his girlfriend
Foot the bill: pay the bill. It was a splendid party and i'm glad that I don't have to foot that particular bill
Fill the bill: be exactly suitable for a particular situation. The person who claims he fills the bill for the role of such an important office should at least be decent with his communication on social networks. This guy is not worth the people's while
Back to the drawing board: back to the planning stage. My experiment was a failure, so i'm back to the drawing board
Big cheese: to be an important and successful individual. The guy is among the big cheeses in the region and his word rules
Bide time: to wait for the perfect moment to do something. The big tiger bides time until the zebra had to make its way to the water fountain and then struck
Beyond a shadow of doubt: to be certain about something's validity. The government has clarified beyond a shadow of doubt that the people who have been evading taxes so far will be caught very soon
Cold comfort: insufficient ease, sympathy, or encouragement. A small increment after two years is cold comfort
Clean slate: to wipe the past out and begin afresh. The criminal has completed his sentence and has come out as a clean slate
Hobson’s choice: given two options when in fact there is only one choice. This is the dirtiest hotel that I have ever slept in! it is this room or out on the street, it's hobson's choice
Class act
Come full circle: return to an earlier position or decision. After changing couple of jobs in last three years, jane stuart come full circle in her first...
Go round in circles: work at something but keep failing to make progress with it. In the absence of adequate data, the surveyors are just going...
Strike a chord: to trigger a strong memory or feeling based on which there can be a mutual interest. Strike a note; strike the note
When the chips are down
Chip off the old block: similar to one’s parents in behavior, character or personality. Same like his brother, he is a chip off the old block, very...
Chink in armour: a susceptible or vulnerable area. She is a brilliant social worker but her lack of political awareness may be the chink in her...
Bad-mouth: to say something bad about something. The social parties in this area are just meant for old ladies to gather around and bad-mouth everyone who did not show up. I would never go for one
By and by: later; in due course; before long. The british metro train moved in and out of tunnels on that rocky terrain and, by and...
Mean business: to be focused about achieving a goal. She meant business when she said that she will take the number one position in the tennis world
Hide light under a bushel: to show modesty towards something or someone. The man kept hiding his light under a bushel even though the whole neighbourhood is aware of his cleanliness initiatives for the society
Burn fingers: to bear an unpleasant result of an action that has been taken in the past. The minister was warned not to venture into this sort of a contract. If he wants to burn his fingers in spite of that then he may continue
Hit the bull’s eye: get something exactly right, or be on target. The finance minister’s speech on attracting new investments hit...
Break the news: make something known for everybody. It was a really too hard work to break the news of that catastrophic accident to the families...
At bottom: to the core of the object. At bottom she is her father's daughter. No matter how much the family curses him, she will always be on his side
Bosom friends: close friends who share confidences. The two ladies who were arrested in case of injuring each other for one man, were bosom friends for...
Born yesterday: naive; inexperienced. Susan might look young, but she was not born yesterday. She is not going to fall for your lies
Pig in a poke: something that is bought without examining properly. If you buy a used car without examining it thoroughly first, you might end up buying a pig in a poke
Zip your lip: to stop talking. Why don't you just zip your lip, I am tired of being nagged all morning
Yellow streak: people who  have an inclination towards being fainthearted. Ginna's got a yellow streak which shows up the moment she is asked to stand up against nick
Year-round: happening in continuation throughout the whole year. The park provides free food for orphans year-round as a service to the god and humanity
Unring the bell: once something has been done you cannot run away from it, you can only face the aftermath. Remember tom, you cannot unring the bell once you have sent out that mail
Young turk: a young person who has many new ideas and wants a reform. Dan mannix is one of the investment industry's young turks but his contact book bulges with seasoned veterans
Zenith of career or life: the highest pinnacle of a person's career or life. The birth of his daughter was the zenith of his life
Pedal to the metal: do something at full speed. I need to submit this assignment in two days' time. I have to put pedal to the metal else I will miss the deadline
Out on the town: go out and enjoy yourself at one or more places in the town. All of us slept till late afternoon after we had a night out on the town and returned after dawn
On the same page: everyone in agreement. Before we begin with the discussion, I want to make sure that all of us are on the same page
Turn a blind eye: deliberately overlook. As a police officer, you cannot turn a blind eye to any of the illegal activities around you
A bit much: to be excessive. The concept and story was a bit much for me to understand everything clearly. That is why I did not invest with this company
Give hell: to give someone a harsh scolding. That office gives hell to its employees because the boss is mean guy
The benefit of the doubt: regards a person as innocent unless confirmed otherwise. Let's give her the benefit of the doubt and assume that she is right
Get out of bed on the wrong side: be very irritable and grouchy. You seem to be in a very bad temper today. Did you get out on the wrong side of the bed?
Bat an eye or eyelash or eyelid: to not show any shock or surprise. When the court pronounced the prisoner guilty of murder, the accused stood...
Bend over backwards: do all in one's power (usually to achieve something or accommodate somebody). Banks are bending over backwards to provide facilities to the depositors
The ball rolling: to start a conversation in a social setting. The ball was rolling when he struck that first conversation with her, she could not refuse his proposal knowing how charming he really was!
In a bad way: to say or mean something ill. The teacher did not mean it in a bad way but the student felt insulted at being asked to explain anyway
To see the back of: to be glad that you no longer have to deal with someone. After my boss made my life difficult for ten years, he finally left the company. I was glad to see the back of him
Flog a dead horse: waste energy on something that has no chance of succeeding. He keeps trying to get his manuscripts published, but I think he is flogging a dead horse
You are what you eat: if you eat good food you will be healthy, if you eat bad food you will be unhealthy. To stay healthy, it's best to keep off junk food. You are what you eat
Tongue in cheek: something said in humour, but with an act of being serious. The latest movie I watched was a tongue in cheek look at the way the media tends to over-hype certain pieces of news
Water under the bridge: past events that are not important anymore. We used to have big disagreements some years back, but that's all water under the bridge now. We get along fine
Pull leg: tease someone. Don't worry about what he said. He's just pulling your leg
Take a rain check: decline an offer that might be taken up later. I'll take a rain check on the party tonight, I have a lot of work to finish right now
Rule of thumb: a principle that is kept to. As a rule of thumb, I do not start a new project on fridays
Smell a rat: sense that something is not right. When he made that offer, I smelt a rat. It sounded too good to be true
Spitting image: look exactly like someone else. My sister is the spitting image of my mother
Until the cows come home: for a very long time. We can keep on arguing about this till the cows come home, but it won't solve anything
In the air: something like a mood that everybody can feel. You could feel the tension in the air as everyone waited to hear the announcement
Make light of: to treat something as if it isn't important. You need to stop making light of this situation. You could be in serious trouble
Through thick and thin: under all conditions, no matter how challenging or difficult. My best friend has supported me through thick and thin
In no time﻿: a very short period of time. I completed the project in no time at all
Throw down the gauntlet﻿: to accept a challenge. When it comes to the rights of animals, we are always willing to throw down the gauntlet
Way forward
On edge
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor
Drain the swamp﻿: rooting out the practice of corruption. No matter how critical it is, draining the swamps would be just about impossible unless we citizens take action against it in the union
Ride high: when someone is very successful. Our team won four college tournaments in a row this year! why wouldn't the team be riding high!
At sea: it means to be confused or not understand something at all. I was at sea when he started discussing quantum physics during dinner
At stake: it means to be on wager or bet, when there is some sort of uncertainty. You needn’t have all your money at stake in the share market, it is better to diversify
A leopard can’t change his spots: one cannot change who they are. He is bound to fail the exam again, a leopard cannot change his spots after all
A house divided against itself cannot stand: things will work out when there is unity amongst those people that are involved in the task. The workers will need to form a union because a house divided against itself cannot stand
A fool and his money are easily parted: this meaning is as it literally states. someone who is foolish can easily lose their money as it would be easy to dupe them out of it. Woody was cheated several times in his lifetime since a fool and his money are easily parted
Hold your horses: to wait. Hold your horses! we have not won yet, so don't start celebrating
Drive up the wall: to make someone angry or irritated. This stagnant traffic and constant honking is driving me up the wall
Twist arm: to make someone do what you want by making it difficult for them to refuse. I did not want to attend the concert, but he twisted my arm into it
Against the clock: in a great hurry to finish something before a particular time. The team was working against the clock to finish the project on time
Break a leg: good luck. "break a leg!" shouted the stage director to his actors before the beginning of the play
Beck and call: being completely available to someone when needed. No matter what time of day it is, she is always at his beck and call
At sixes and sevens: used to express a situation of uncertainty or confusion. I don't want to be at sixes and sevens with you
The eleventh hour: at the very last minute before an event. Just minutes before the deadline, he definitely submitted his assignment at the eleventh hour
Bon appetit: enjoy your meal/food. I want to thank you all for coming to my dinner party, and i'd like to wish you all bon appetit!
Back against the wall: to be in a tough situation with limited options. The company has its back against the wall and if the employees do not help out now, it will be bankrupt soon
Button your lip: to stop speaking. "his continuous talking makes me wish he could button his lip."
Break the mould: to do something different from what is expected. His method of teaching physics breaks the mould
That’s the way the cookie crumbles: no matter how unfair the situation is, it must be accepted. The manager was fired from his job after making such a huge mistake, but that's the way the cookie crumbles
Feel the pinch: experience financial hardship. Since farrokh was made redundant, we've really felt the pinch. We can't even afford to buy the kids new shoes
Keep your hair on: to request someone to stay calm and not get annoyed. The general kept his hair on during the meeting this time
Smell something fishy: to have a suspicion that something is wrong. The manager smelled something fishy and started an investigation. He eventually found that 3 of the 4 employees were stealing from the store
Son of a gun: to address someone in an affectionate way. The son of a gun managed to pass all the subjects this time along! I am so happy!
Southpaw: to be left-handed. The mother expected her baby to be a southpaw like her but she was very much right handed
Start from scratch: to start doing something over from the beginning. The class has started the lesson from scratch to be able to understand the basics in a better manner
The bigger they are the harder they fall: to fail according to the size of the venture. The prime minister probably realizes that the bigger they are the harder they fall. So he has been very cautious about all of his plans and policies up till now
The last straw: to be the last in a sequence of unpleasant things. The last straw in their relationship was when he physically abused her. She walked out after that
Third time’s a charm: to say that when a person tries to do something, it works out at the third attempt. The fellow finally managed to pass his exam. As they say, third time's a charm
Twenty-three skidoo: to depart in a haste. The police threatened to imprison everyone in the crowd that did not 23 skidoo from the park
Up a blind alley: to be doing something that will definitely have a negative outcome. The trip was up a blind alley it seems because the travel agent could not even jot down a proper itinerary. I wonder why they booked a holiday with such a shady company anyway
Wag the dog: to divert attention from something that is bad. The prime minister keeps wagging the dog to keep people from actually finding out about the scam and its details
Down to earth: decent, simple, realistic. She is very down to earth person, not at all attracted by the glamour world
Fingers crossed: a gesture of crossed fingers used to express good luck. Good luck with your test tomorrow. I'll have my fingers crossed
Get foot in the door: succeed with a first step; achieve an initial stage. I know it’s not the job you’d hoped for, but at least...
Out of one’s depth: a situation beyond one's knowledge or ability. After watching this film, the audience realized that making comedy movies was out of the depth of this director
In deep water: a very serious situation. The political party is in deep water after it was discovered that their candidate had lied in the report
Frighten or scare to death
In the dark: uninformed, a state of ignorance. We’re still in the dark about the company’s layoff policy. Another forms of in the dark idiom: keep...
Not give a damn: to not care. Their son does not give a damn about their health. His ill habits are costing the entire family now
Cross path
Chop and change: repeatedly change. One day she’s going to be a doctor, the next she wants to study architecture – she’ll have to stop chopping...
In the bad books: out of favour. Maria remains in his bad books after the argument between both
Black book: a book containing a list of secret contacts. Ann will not invite bob to the party because he has been in her black books for so long
Take a cue from: to do what is recommended by someone else. I'm not good at belly dance, so i'll take my cue from you
Fly off the handle: to lose one's temper and get angry for seemingly no reason (does not usually refer to situations that would warrant an emotional response). I was so happy to find a parking spot and get out of the store when jim came flying off the handle and yelled at me in front of everyone in line
Cold shoulder: to treat somebody with coldness and contempt. I fought with my wife, and she is now giving me the cold shoulder
In hot water: in trouble or state of shame. The opposition leader landed himself in a whole load of hot water after making several vulgar comments
Leg up: give or receive assistance to achieve a goal. Completing the summer study program gives pupils a leg up in the following academic year
Get the sack (boot, axe): be dismissed from the job. If you can't do your job properly, you're going to get the sack
Skeleton in the closet: a secret of an embarrassing, guilty or shameful nature that you don't want to disclose. I have come to know that eric has a skeleton in his cupboard
Part and parcel: something that is a basic or essential element of the whole. Darkness is part and parcel of the night
A piece of cake: very easy task. Don't worry, sophie - this job interview will be a piece of cake for you - you have all the skills they need and I think you're absolutely the best candidate
At cross purposes: with aims or goals that conflict or interfere with one another. The members of lord’s house fear the two government departments are working...
Crack of dawn: very early in the morning. We shared, cared and cheered until we were at the crack of dawn
Not all it’s cracked up to be: not as good as people say it is. The highly ranked institutes in liverpool isn’t all it’s cracked up...
Not have a clue
Stand a chance: have a possibility or a hope of success. If funding by government is withdrawn, small minority schools in remote northern area, don’t stand...
On the case: to do what is the best course of action in the given situation. The best detective from the police department is on the case and we will be hearing about the culprit being nabbed very soon now
On the cards
Can of worms: to get into something that is messy, has problems and is unwanted. The can of worms was wide open when he asked her about her past
Burst at the seams: to be filled up to the brim. The meal was absolutely delicious but now I am bursting at the seams
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder: different people have different ideas and views about what is beautiful. I don't see why he finds her attractive, I think she is downright ugly; but, beauty is in the eye of the beholder, as they say
Love is blind: if you love someone, you cannot see the faults in that person. I really don't understand why mia likes chris so much. He's very selfish and inconsiderate; and doesn't even treat her well. Well, love really is blind
Marry in haste, repent at leisure: if you marry someone without knowing the person well, you will later regret your decision to marry. Sally and bob had hardly known each other for a few months before they decided to get married, and now they are having big problems. Marry in haste, repent at leisure!
Love rat: someone, usually a man, who has a secret affair while being in a relationship. I heard bill had an affair with his wife's best friend! what a love rat he is!
Every picture tells a story: scene of happening that explains hidden reality. Shannon is denying but I am quite sure that she had done something wrong, every picture tells a story
Stormy relationship: a relationship with many disagreements. After having a very stormy relationship for around two years, they decided to separate
One stop shop: a store that fulfills various requirements which is preferable by customers. That corner store is a one stop shop for anyone looking for video games
Eat humble pie: to become very humble in behaviour when someone points out a wrong doing by the person. I know for certain that the appliance should not be handled this way but if I turn out to be wrong then i'll eat humble pie
Keep schtum: to be quiet when one knows that if the wrong thing is said then there will be more trouble. I can’t tell you because you will not be able to keep schtum about it
Beyond the pale: something that is not an acceptable way to behave. Nobody will want to be friends with you if you are considered beyond the pale in your social circle
Green with envy: extremely jealous of another person. Sally was green with envy when he saw my brand new car
Pep talk
Like a bat out of hell: very fast and crazily. When sara told sam that there is a ghost living next to their room, he changed the room like a bat out of hell
Trouble shared is trouble halved
All roads lead to rome
Knock socks off
Apples to oranges
Seventh heaven: being glad. Nicole kidman was in seventh heaven when she received the award for the best actress
Heavy heart
Lighten up: to take it easy. Just lighten up! everything will be fine
On the rocks: likely to fail because of serious problems. Their marriage was on the rocks as they couldn't get along with each other anymore and were having huge arguments very frequently
Can’t stand the sight of: to hate someone very much. After years of being in an unhappy marriage and later going through an ugly divorce, they now can't stand the sight of each other
Blazing row: a very angry argument. After having a blazing row with his wife, he stormed out of the room and banged the door behind him
Go through a rough patch: to experience a lot of problems in a period of life. They have usually been very supportive of each other, but right now, their marriage is going through a bit of a rough patch
Tie the knot: to get married. They have been dating each other for quite some time now and are planning to tie the knot a few months from now
Get hitched: to get married. Have you heard? marge and sam are getting hitched this weekend
Cupboard love: affection given in order to gain a reward. I had suspected all along that jane's affair with that man was just cupboard love. What she really liked about him was his big mansion and luxurious car
Whet one’s appetite: a stimulation that causes you to want additional of something, mostly food. You have whetted my appetite to go for another theatre performance after making me watch this one
Veg out: to stop working hard. After a tiring week, I like to veg out in front of the television during the weekend
Fancy free: something or someone who has no commitments or ties. Until the time his father was around to take care of him he was footloose and fancy free. Now things are very different
Class clown: a wiseacre. He is the class clown with the constant talking and making fun of others
Dead ringer: a duplicate of the exact nature. She is a dead ringer of one of my friends. I in fact walked up to her at an event mistaking her for my friend
Slap on the wrist: to show disapproval. I have to keep slapping his wrist away from the cake or there will be nothing left for the party
Happy as a clam: to be very happy. Although the job does not pay very well, she is as happy as a clam there
As bald as a coot: totally bald. She is in remission now but the chemo therapy has left her as bald as a coot
Well read: well-educated and learned. She is well read does not mean that she can go out on the streets and fend for herself. To be street smart is a requirement in what she wants to do
Laughing stock: something ridiculous which can be laughed upon. After the event and how he behaved there, he was the laughing stock in school for days to come
Mumbo jumbo: something that does not make sense. I do not believe in this mumbo jumbo, human life should be valued far more than some ritual that one is not willing to forego
Long in the tooth: to get too old for something. He is too long in the tooth to be working with 18 year old paired opposite him in movies
All singing, all dancing: something that is full of verve, vivacity and liveliness. She went home from the play all singing all dancing. It was one of the liveliest performances that she had ever witnessed
Break open: to cause something to open suddenly, especially from within. The violent storms shook the very foundation of the house and broke open the doors
Hang on: hold on or hold tightly. The child hung on to her mother and would not let go of her hands
What are you up to: another way to ask someone, what are you doing?. Seeing me going from room to room with no apparent method, my friend couldn't help but ask what I was up to
At the same time: used to refer to two or more things occurring together. My mother has the ability to make me laugh and cry at the same time
None of your business: used to tell someone not to get involved in whatever you have going on. My mother in law was not pleased when we politely told her that the honeymoon plan was none of her business
High up: to have an important standing in society. With the way he barked orders at the workers, everyone got the impression that he is high up in the company
All set: to refer a state of being ready for an event. After putting the luggage in the trunk, we were all set to go on our vacation
Pass away: die. Martha let us know that our grandfather passed away two nights ago
Stay up: not go to sleep. Mom made sure we stayed up to welcome our dad home after months of him being on military tour
Go after: to catch up to someone after they have gone. Leo has decided to go after his dreams with all that he has
Fortune favours the bold: it refers to people who face problems with determination and courage are the ones who attain massive levels of success. The guy should have gone all out to achieve his destiny. He would have been married to the love of his life had he showed some courage back then. Fortune favours the bold
Follow by: to continue with something else, usually on the agenda. The presentation will be followed by high tea and snacks for all the employees present
Run for cover: to seek shelter. We ran for cover as soon as the storm broke
When the going gets tough, the tough get going: to become tougher than the situation in order to be able to overcome it. The company secretary handled the objections very calmly and politely. I truly saw the personification of the fact that when the going gets tough, the tough get going
The squeaky wheel gets the grease: to get something fixed, it is required to make a noise to get attention. My younger brother got far more stuff from my parents when we were kids because the squeaky wheel gets the grease
The pen is mightier than the sword: the power of mass appeal is stronger than the force used against it. I totally believe that the pen is mightier than the sword and will continue to write about my honest opinions even if it irks a few
When in rome, do as the romans: to copy popular culture in order to blend in. My mother always told us that when in rome, do as the romans. That is how today we are able to get along with any kind of people
Food for thought
Status quo: the existing condition. The countries are now trying to maintain a status quo with regards to their nuclear arsenal which will help them if the situation gets any worse
Cold hearted: very cruel, unkind person. Don't be so cold hearted, forgive them and speak with your children
Head and shoulders above: significantly better than everybody else in the field. I'm so proud of our boy, johnny - he was head and shoulders above the rest of his class in his school project
Bang head against wall: bang head against a brick wall. Trying to keep this place clean and tidy is like hitting my head against a brick wall
Memory like a sieve: poor memory. I'm so sorry I forgot your birthday - i've got a memory like a sieve!
Like father like son: the man/boy being talked about is very much like/exactly like his father . Joe's doing really well on the football team this season. He has nearly matched joe senior's reputation for being a sharp shooter! I guess it's a case of like father, like son
If it’s the last thing I do: indicates determination to achieve something. I am going to get this house cleaned today if it's the last thing I do
Not the sharpest tool in the shed: someone who is not very clever, according to others. Joe doesn't seem to understand that we're working to a different schedule now, since the workload has doubled.  he's not the sharpest tool in the shed
A trip to the sun: something which is very unlikely. My dream has always been to settle in australia. But I know it's like a trip to the sun. I just have to make peace with this place
Touch off: to ignite a thought. The presentation touched off a very important point and I would like to spend some time talking about it
Eat like a horse: to eat a lot. He eats like a horse - there's never enough left for everyone else once he's been at the buffet
Time flies: for a particular phase in life to seem shorter than it really was. Time flies when I go to play with friends
Cry me a river: usually used sarcastically to someone who is constantly complaining. "my baby wouldn't sleep last night, I am so tired." "cry me a river, joan. I haven’t had a good night's sleep in years."
Eat words: to take back what was said. I can't believe that he didn't trust that we could win. He will have to eat his words
Time will tell: something that will not be proven until a later date. I don't think that he studied for his test, even though he says he did. Only time will tell
On the other hand: from a different point of view. It seems like a great building, on the other hand, you are displacing a lot of animals by building it
Silence is golden: it is often better to say nothing at all. Do not tell your mom that I broke her vase! remember, silence is golden
Paint the town red: to celebrate and have a wild time. I can't wait to go out with my best friend and paint the town red!
End of the day: to look at all the possibilities and then to make a final decision. At the end of the day, I have decided that law school would be the best path for me
Fall out: to disagree with someone about something. I had a fall out with my mom about her losing my earrings
In touch: keep in touch. We will definitely keep in touch with each other when you move to australia
Eager beaver: someone who is very eager to perform tasks and is always offering to do more. Don’t be such an eager beaver, we have plenty of time to complete the task
Troubled waters: a difficult phase of life. The situation was getting worse, but like all the other members of the company, he was fascinated by troubled waters
Live wire: an energetic and volatile person. John is such a live wire; he is a good source of entertainment
Long run: in the long run. To make this project successful in the long run, they will need more partners
Black friday: a day of a financial disaster. My friends wait desperately for online sales on black friday
Get the wrong end of the stick: to understand something in the wrong way. When jack and taylor arrived at the award function together, everyone got the wrong end of the stick
Get on nerves: tick someone off. Put your mobile phone in a silent mode - its loud ringtone is getting on my nerves
Mind your own business: to look into your own matter. I would like you to mind your own business and stop telling me what to do
Good grief: occurrence of something shocking. Good grief, is she going to kick her brother in front of the entire school? this is really shocking for me
The lion’s den: a place which is uncomfortable. Two of the new students were thrown into the lion's den as their ragging was taking place
Miles away: unaware of the current situation. Just by reading her facial expressions, I can easily tell you that she is miles away
Love child: a child born out of wedlock. The new actress in that movie is rumoured to be the love child of one of the most famous actors of the previous generation
Sealed with a kiss: written and sent with love and care. When ted and judy were living apart in different cities, he would write a letter to her every week and all the letters would be marked with swak, or sealed with a kiss, as a mark of how much he loved her
No love lost: there is a mutual dislike between two people. Bob and jill cannot get along together. There is no love lost between them
Love to death: love someone very much. He is prepared to do anything for her, go to any extent. He loves her to death
The course of true love never did run smooth: people in love often have to overcome difficulties in order to be with each other. Judy and I are in a long distance relationship and it is not easy staying away from each other. The course of true love never did run smooth
One cannot love and be wise: people often do foolish things when they are in love. I don't think it is wise of elsie and ray to decide to get married so soon into their relationship. But then, one cannot love and be wise
All is fair in love and war: in situations of love and war you do not have to obey rules of reasonable behaviour. In order to go on a date with elle, paul tricked her into believing that her boyfriend was seeing another woman. Well, all's fair in love and war
An item: be involved in a romantic relationship. John and sally are frequently seen together nowadays. Are they an item?
Labour of love: a task done for the pleasure of doing it, not for gains or rewards. Every morning, he dusted, cleaned and wound up the old grandfather clock that he had inherited as a family heirloom. It was truly a labour of love
Match made in heaven: a combination of two people that is perfect in every way. Jules and nora are a match made in heaven. They love doing things together and cannot bear to be away from each other
Save face: to be able to hide public disgrace by taking some action. I managed to save face by being able to speak about the topic, the presentation that was made was really not good
Quality time: well spent time. It had been so long since we went on a vacation but this last month we decided to spend quality time with the family regardless
Lie low: to go out of sight, usually after having done something bad. Someone else in his position would lie low after having done what he did!
Go out with: have a romantic relationship with someone. Sue and rob had been going out with each other for five years before they finally decided to get married
Paddle own canoe: to be able to act without having to depend on anyone. He feels he can paddle his own canoe now so wants to move out of his parent's house
Keen as mustard: very excited and enthusiastic. Little kids are always as keen as mustard to learn new things around them
Crush: feel love-sick for someone. I think steve has a crush on our new english teacher; he always looks forward to her classes and even goes to ask questions after classes, though he doesn't need to
Catch eye: be noticed by someone. While we were driving down the road, a small shop selling beautiful potteries caught my eye
Fall in love: to be very attracted to someone. My brother and his fiancee fell in love when they went for a camping trip together with a group of friends
Harp on: to speak in a boring tone. He kept harping on about something. I had stopped paying attention a long while back
At odds
Under siege
Have no business﻿
Take heart﻿: to stay confident and positive. We lost the elections - it is a part of the game. But we absolutely take heart in the apparently greater awareness and involvement of the young generation in keeping the spirit of democracy
Rake over the coals
Stand in a good stead: to be of advantage to someone. His years of experience in the spoken english field has stood him in good stead
Smack dab: exactly. We got our water balloons fully filled and threw smack dab at their heads. It was fun, I tell you!
Get a life
Throw under the bus: to betray a partner, colleague or close friend for self-benefits. Mark always looks for someone to blame and throw under the bus for his failings
Cold sweat
Rough diamond: a person of exceptional character. Bob is intelligent and trustworthy but lacks sophistication. He is a rough diamond
Devil may care: – very casual attitude – worry-free or carefree attitude – reckless – defiant – relaxed and not worried about the results of your actions ....
At death’s door: on the point of dying. Most of the survivors of the airplane crash are still at death's door
On demand: when needed. These days babies are normally fed on demand
De facto: existing in fact. English is de facto the common language of much of the world today
De jure: having a right or existence as stated by law. The president aims to create a de jure one-party state
Down in the dumps: a gloomy. As the things were not going well for her at work, she was feeling a bit down in the dumps
Play duck and drakes
Like or as a duck to water
Lame duck
Down the road: – at a future point or end – in the future, in a few years – dismissed, fired . Somewhere down the road...
Down and out
On doorstep: very near to where somebody lives. The best thing about having a house in this society is that all the popular eating joints are right at our doorstep
Doubting thomas: – habitually doubtful person – a person who refuses to believe anything until they are given proof . He’s such a doubting thomas that...
Dot the i’s and cross the t’s: to take care of every detail, even minor ones. I had dotted all the i's and crossed the t's, so I wondered why my application was rejected
Show the door
Till doomsday: – for a very long time – for all time, – forever . You could try to convince her till doomsday, but she will...
Done in: – be too tired to do any more – exhausted . I was/felt really done in after the match. 2. You are really done...
Done for: to be over. The deal is done for I am not going to speak with that man again
Go to the dogs
Wild and woolly: to be carrying a wild look. Their residence is totally wild and woolly but all in all I found them to be warm people
Wine and dine: to treat somebody (usually a woman) to wine and dinner;. The wine and dine at this hotel is among the best that you will ever find
You can’t take it with you: everybody leaves their wealth behind after death. The whole world knows that you can't take it with you but they still have so much affiliation to their worldly possessions
Zero tolerance: denial to allow rebellious activities, usually by rigid and strict application of the rules;. There is zero tolerance towards any gender bias in this company
Self-made man: someone who achieves the success with his own hark work. The governor is a self-made man and has had properties around the city even before he joined politics
Under no illusions: be completely conscious of the real status of situation. I am under no illusion that living in canada is going to be very easy
Roaring trade: to do business quickly. The vegetable vendor was doing a roaring trade in the market today
Glass ceiling: an unseen (glass) barrier for women and people who belong to minority groups in climbing up the corporate, political or the ladder of success regardless of whether they are qualified for the job. The woman made every attempt but could not break the highest and the toughest glass ceiling
Cutting edge: to be among the latest and the best (often used for technological advancements). The company has introduced cutting edge technology which will handle all client servicing issues
Ballpark figure: to be near about the exact (usually in amount). The management was given a ballpark figure at the very beginning of the presentation
As an aside: indirect communication. As an aside; does anyone want to play chess?
All up: finished. It is all up with now finding some good crane operator, they couldn't have survived so long in these conditions
Ages: a long time; a very long time. I haven't seen you in ages - you look different
Blow-by-blow account: to describe (something) in exceptional detail. The toddler gave a blow-by-blow account of the activity to his mother. It was very endearing to listen to it
Arrive in a body
As well as: additionally. The sound as well as picture quality are best on this tv screen
As well: to be in addition to (something). The car as well as the bike need a mechanic for maintenance to keep it running well
As to: with regard to. "as to your query about passport status, she will present the necessary papers next monday."
As soon as
As long as: to put condition of time on an action. The car will keep running as long as you take good care of it
Fight like cat and dog: argue jealously and violently all the time. Both of the children of mrs. Bector in our neighborhood fight like cat and...
Put the cart before the horse: to do things in the wrong order or sequence. Aren't you putting the cart before the horse in decorating your new office? you haven't even been awarded the job yet
Carrot and stick: mixture of rewards and punishments. He said the carrot and stick approach is in effective when it comes to management
Sweep under the carpet, rug: try to hide a problem or keep a problem secret instead of dealing with it. The administration team of the...
Put cards on the table: be open and honest; reveal one’s position or intentions. Shawn thought it was time to put his cards on the table...
Keep card close to chest: be secretive or cautious, give nothing away. My brother don’t know how much money his friends will spend this friday night,...
Card up sleeve: to have a secret advantage that is suddenly revealed to change the game. He did not just leave his house. He had a card up his sleeve that he did not even reveal to his family, which was his new flat in a posh locality
In the can: to be completed. The work is almost entirely in the can if only he can convince the managing directors to give him a raise now
Call the shots: be in charge of what is happening. The prime minister tried his best to give the impression of being in control, but bbc...
Sell like hot cakes: be a great commercial success. These books are selling like hotcakes
A golden key can open any door: the prospect of receiving money will end up in getting any task accomplished. You should tip the reception staff to get a table sooner because a golden key can open any doors
A good man is hard to find: this proverb refers to women who are looking for suitable alliances but aren't able to find them. He has stood by her in all her troubled times. Usually a good man is hard to find but she has done quite well for herself
A friend in need is a friend indeed: used for a person who helps at the time of a requirement is a true friend. He stayed with me throughout the time I was in the hospital, a friend in need is a friend indeed!
X factor: an outstanding extraordinary ability. This is the right time to invest in gold and real estate. It may turn out to be an x-factor
Fate worse than death: it means to have to suffer through ordeal that makes a person prefer death over going through it again. Even after she got the surgery done she was in pain for weeks. It was a fate worse than death
Have never had it so good: it literally means what it says, that is, a person has not had better of whatever it is that is being discussed before. You should not have broken up with her. You have never had it so good with anyone else
Man’s best friend: it refers to animals that are of use to human beings, mostly used to address dogs. When his dog died he cried for many days in the memory of his only best friend
Dish fit for the gods: this refers to food that is of an exemplary quality. She is such a wonderful cook. The cakes that she bakes are dish fit for the gods!
Call of the wild: it talks about nature appealing to a person. How could he hurt her like that? he has always been so nice, talk about the call of the wild!
Fish rots from the head down: it refers to failing organizations and how the blame of it should be on its 'head' that is its leadership. The company was bound to be closed sooner or later considering the kind of mangers that they had hired. A fish rots from the head down after all
Break down: to stop working. His car broke down
Better off: to shun someone or something away so that it becomes better than before. The family is better off without this guy who respects nobody and thinks that he is the centre of the universe at all times
Buzz word: a phrase that is used to describe a word or phrase that is popular in a group of people. The college students these days have many buzz words that their parents do not understand
Build bridges: to foster good relationships. A non-governmental organization is engaged in building bridges between different communal groups in the city
The brains behind
Go by the book: do things strictly according to the written rules, etc. The most successful officers are not those who always go by the book but use their initiative
Come to blows: have a fight or a serious argument with somebody, begin to fight. Demonstrators nearly came to blows with the scotland yard police during...
Blue-collar: of or relating to industrial work, especially the semiskilled and unskilled. They hope the new manufacturing unit on the small town's outskirts will open up the doors for many more blue-collar jobs
Tasted blood: have achieved a small victory which has made you believe you can win a more important victory. The british badminton pair tasted blood in...
Bee in bonnet: be possessed with one thought or scheme. The man has a real bee in his bonnet in trying to find out about how people would react in this situation
A hot potato: a controversial issue or situation that is awkward or unpleasant to deal with. The subject of bullying and fighting in my school is a hot potato
Piece of cake: something that is easy to do. Learning english is a piece of cake as long as you do it with our website
Once in a blue moon: very rarely. I go to visit my grandfather only once in a blue moon; he lives in a remote farm house
A bed of roses: easy option. Taking care of my younger sister is no bed of roses; she is very silly
Raining cats and dogs: raining very heavily. I wanted to go to play outside, but it was raining cats and dogs yesterday
When pigs fly: something that will never happen or is impossible. William will keep quiet only when pigs fly
Devil's advocate: one who presents a counter argument. Hey jack! you're always playing devil's advocate! give it a rest and mind your own business
Miss the boat: miss the chance. Peter wanted to enter the drawing competition, but he was too late to enter, and he missed the boat
Apple of eye: someone very precious or dear. Every kid in the world is the apple of their parents' eye(s)
Zip your lip: to stop talking. I don't want to hear another sound out of you. Now do as you're told and zip your lip
Lone it: to do an activity alone. They asked him to go to the movies, but he decided to lone it
Burst the bubble: the sudden end of a very happy or successful period. She looked so happy about getting married that her sister just couldn't burst the bubble
Close call: a narrow escape from disaster. It was quite a close call, but my father managed to avoid hitting the animal that ran across the highway
Cat among the pigeons: do or say something that causes trouble and make a lot of people angry or worried. The foreigner put the cat among the pigeons when he made some sensitive comments about the people's religion
Go out on a limb: do or say something that is different from most other people. During an analysis of the news, he went out on a limb and expressed an opinion opposite to that held by the general public
View all idioms
Love of life: the person who is loved most by someone in all their life. After having spent most of his life being single, he finally found the love of his life at the ripe old age of fifty
Puppy love: a mild infatuation, or a crush. Most teenagers are quick to fall in love and expect it to last a lifetime, but of course it is puppy love and they soon fall out of it
Chew the fat: to have friendly banter for hours on end. I've been meaning to get a hold of my friends from us since quite a while, if I can manage to do that after the party then i'll go and chew the fat with them at our regular hangout
Love nest: a home or place where two people who love each other live. It was rumoured that the boss was having an illicit love affair with one of his subordinates. Apparently, he had set up a love nest a few blocks away from the office where they met everyday after work
Bob’s your uncle: it is said after a set of instructions are provided and one wants to convey that the work will be simple for the other person to do. You add two cups of water to the mix, heat it for five minutes and bob's your uncle, the soup is ready
Born with a silver spoon in mouth: to be born to parents who are rich and have a good social rank. He has never worked hard for anything because he was born with a silver spoon in his mouth. His parents brought everything to him instead
I’ll eat my hat: this is an expression of not believing something very strongly. If you are really able to climb that 8 feet wall by yourself then i'll eat my hat
As nice as ninepence: a place that is very well organized. I was taken aback when I saw that this place is as nice as ninepence
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride: to wish for things does not yield to anything. She told me she wanted to become miss universe and I said, "if wishes were horses, beggars would ride". How else was I to react to such an absurd thing?
Smitten with: suddenly start to like or love someone very much. He is completely smitten with love for her
Fish rots from the head down: it refers to failing organizations and how the blame of it should be on its 'head' that is its leadership. The company was bound to be closed sooner or later considering the kind of mangers that they had hired. A fish rots from the head down after all
Fool’s paradise: this phrase refers to someone who becomes happy at hopes provided based on false facts. The money was never going to be deposited by him. He kept promising her and let her stay in that fool’s paradise for way too long
Face the music: receive punishment. If you have done something wrong, you have to face the music. There's no escaping out of it
Ring a bell: something that sounds familiar. That name rings a bell but I cannot recall where I have heard it before
Pitch in: join in and help with something. On jane's birthday her friends decided to pitch in and have a surprise party for her
Diamond is forever: it is the slogan of the popular diamond seller de beers. 'no matter how much you love your man, it is the diamond that lasts forever', joked the girls at the brunch table
Call a spade a spade: this phrase means to say something the way it is. That dress made her look fat, let's call a spade a spade before she goes out wearing it and embarrasses herself
Feather in your cap: it means to have an achievement in your name. Ruth scored the last goal for her team, adding a feather in her cap
Kangaroo court: it refers to a court that passes judgement but is not a valid court. The kangaroo court announced two years back that the family should be banished and the people in the village followed the judgement. To this day, nobody even talks to anyone in that family
Before one can say jack robinson: very suddenly. I wanted to have a meaningful conversation with him when he was back from work but he was gone before I could say jack robinson
On one’s uppers: extremely short of money. All the artists in their initial phase of career were on their uppers. They have struggled enough to reach this level of success
Cry over spilt milk: to be upset about things that have already been done. While its sad that the results have not been as good as you expected, you should now focus on moving ahead and achieving better results next time; there is no use crying over spilt milk
Upper crust: the aristocracy and upper classes, informal. Reservation system was developed to help the needy. Now it has become privilege for the society therefore even the upper crust are demanding reservation these days
Uncle tom cobley and all: used to denote a long list of people (in british english). Businessman, entrepreneurs, uncle tom cobley and all had been invited to the real estate awards function in the city last month.3
Late unpleasantness: the war that took place recently. No sooner had japanese recovered from the late unpleasantness, a massive volcanic eruption took place destroying huge no. Of lives & property
Ugly duckling: a young person who turns out to be beautiful or talented against all expectations. Some people think they've turned into an ugly duckling whereas the truth is they are & look the same as they used to in their childhood
Beyond the veil: in an inexplicable or concealed place or condition, especially the mysterious state of existence after death. Many people have tried to discover beyond...
Variety is the spice of life: new and exciting practices make life more attractive. I started learning tennis after having tried swimming because variety is the spice of life
Vale of years: the decreasing time of a individual's life. I shall not leave my parents during their vale of years
Spin a yarn: to tell a tale. Kids like to have their grandparents spin a yarn for them
Toot one’s own horn: blow one's own horn. My father told me never to toot my own horn
Fast food: food that is tasty but has less or no nutritional value is referred to as fast food. Nina loves french fries and other fast food
On a roll: making a lot of progress. Our team has won eleven out of our twelve matches this season. We are on a roll
Ward off: to prevent something from harming you. Our government has doubled the number of soldiers at the border to ward off illegal immigrants
Drop by: an informal visit. I hope to finish the dress before saturday. If you want to see what it looks like you should drop by over the weekend
Broken heart: break someone's heart. I know he broke your heart, but there are other boys out there who are better than him
Blind as a bat: unconscious to something. Maria is so in love, she is as blind as a bat when it comes to mark’s rude behavior
In a fog: in a great confusion. Jane always seems to be in a fog
Dollars to donuts: an outcome that is almost assured is called as dollars to doughnuts. And i'll bet dollars to donuts that he will have no strategic plan on how to effectively deny clinton's speech
Fair-weather friend: used to refer a friend who is not reliable in difficult times. Simran is looking for a loyal friend, not a fair-weather friend
The better of: to become superior to someone or thing. The man has seen many troubled times and is determined to give the better of days to his children
Better half: spouse. I think a two-bedroom flat would suit us but i'd better confirm it with my better half
Better late than never: it is better for somebody or something to be late than never to arrive or to happen. All of us have been waiting for you for two hours - but better late than never
Safe bet: fair assumption; reasonable guess; opinion or view that is likely to prove correct. The party president decided that the 75-year-old sitting legislator was...
Make the best of: to look for a positive side of a seemingly negative situation. The sun was shining so he made the best of his day and went to the beach with his family
Below the belt: to be mean and unfair (in a fight). The shot that he took at him was completely below the belt. Decent people do not compete like this
Belle of the ball: be the most attractive woman at party or similar event. She wore a dress made by the country’s most valued designer and...
Make a beeline for: go quickly and directly to somebody or something. As soon as the employees heard about the news of scrapping of the bonus...
Raining cats and dogs: too much heavy rain. It's raining cats and dogs I am worried about how my kids will reach home
A bed of roses: easy option. Weight loss is a challenging task, not a bed of roses
Meet halfway: to reach a compromise. I don't enjoy camping and my husband hates the cold. So, we had to meet halfway and go to the beach for the weekend
Ups and downs: good times and bad times. Every relationship has its ups and downs. It is important to stick it out
Take care: be careful. Thanks for the visit, peter, take care
Larger than life: something or someone that is very impressive. His father is a great man. He is larger than life
Take on: someone's take on something is their opinion on a matter. I don't agree with your take on the matter, but I will respect your choice
In stitches: to laugh so hard that you are not able to control yourself. The movie had everyone in the theatre in stitches
Red herring: something irrelevant that distracts you from something important. The new law is just a red herring meant to draw our attention away from the issues regarding education
Knight in shining armour: used to describe someone who saves you from a difficult situation. Thank you so much for fixing my flat tire. You are a knight in shining armour
Pot calling the kettle black: criticizing someone for a fault that you have too. I can't believe that you are upset because I was late. That is the pot calling the kettle black
Heart and soul: with all the effort you can put into it. He's dedicated to the project heart and soul
Walk on eggshell: to be careful about one's words or actions around another person. Whenever lisa is around the house, everyone has to walk on eggshells around her in order not to get her annoyed
Bun in the oven: to be pregnant. After trying for a baby for several years, mark was happy when his wife told him she had a bun in the oven
Tight-lipped: unwilling to speak about an event. When it came the time for him to share stories of this conquests, he became strangely tight-lipped
Apple polisher: a flatterer; toady. Even with her boss looking very untidy, mel still complimented her and this showed her to be an apple polisher
A lot on my plate: too much on my plate. This week will be so hectic as I have a lot on my plate
Far-fetched: unlikely to be true. When he told us the stories of his youth, everyone could agree that they were far-fetched
No man is an island: no one is self-sufficient; everyone relies on others somehow. Having children has taught me that no man is an island
Bring home the bacon: to go out and earn a living or earn money for the family. As the head of the family, he ensures that he brings home the bacon
Chill to the marrow: to be very cold. The movie gave me a chill to the marrow. I am not recommending it to anyone. It is horrible
Running around like a headless chicken: to carry on in a disorganised manner. After failing to take her equipment to the lab, lizzie ran around like a headless chicken while trying to conduct her experiment
Cross swords
On the crest of a wave: to reach the highest point of success. The music band comprising engineering students is currently on the crest of a wave, with a launch of new album it has planned for next year
Get cracking: to hurry something up. The laundry man better get cracking with our clothes else we will miss the event
A sacred cow: something that people do not like to question; a taboo subject. The judiciary remains a sacred cow, despite increasing evidence that serious mistakes...
Cover tracks
Blow cover: to reveal the true identity. The custom's officer recognised the man from a wanted poster and blew his cover right out
Count chicken: make plans based on events that may or may not happen. It is not good to start counting your chickens when you do not even have the cash to start your own venture
Couch potato: a chronic television viewer. My younger sister is a great couch potato; she can watch tv 24 hours a day
Wrap in cotton wool: to be overprotective towards somebody. The mother wrapped the child up in cotton wool as if it would protect him from all the dangers of the world
The corridors of power: the offices of the powerful leaders. As personal adviser to the prime minister, he thought he’d get his foot inside the corridors...
Drive crazy: to disturb or irritate someone. He drives me crazy with the lazy way he executes all his tasks
Speak too soon: to say something with the belief that it will be right and then it is later found out to be untrue. I was certain nina would fail at her task and said so boldly. When she successfully completed her task, I knew I had spoken too soon
A burnt child dreads the fire: everyone avoids repeating a hurting experience again in life. After his first accident, sam is quite careful in driving now because a burnt child dreads a fire
Blowing smoke: blows smoke in your face. I know your motives behind this act; don't try to blow smoke in my eyes
Heart goes out to: to feel sympathy for someone when they are distressed. Following the aftermath of the hurricane, my heart goes out to all the residents of new orleans
High time: to refer to something that is already overdue but must be started immediately. After months of being unemployed, it's high time paul starts a business of his own rather than keep waiting for paid employment
Treasure trove: a priceless or valuable discovery. After his mother's death, david found a treasure trove when he found her collection of music records
Finishing touch: something that is added to ensure that something else is made complete. Mike was sure he would ace the auditions as he put finishing touches on his performance
Necessary evil: something unpleasant that must be done in order to achieve a goal or objective. Mike saw his going to work for his father as a necessary evil if he was ever to own his own company someday
Shades of grey: refers to a situation where things are not really clear. Tina's story to the police on how she got mugged was different shades of grey as it was not consistent
As long as: to put condition of time on an action. The car will keep running as long as you take good care of it
As for: to be regarding (something or someone). The meeting stands dissolved now. As for the agenda, I am happy to make the decisions all by myself
As far as: to the extent of something. As far as you are concerned, this chapter is over here. You are not to contact her again for anything
All of a sudden
After all
Account for: to have to provide an explanation for (something). The horrible weather accounted for more than 20 percent absenteeism at work today
According to: as mentioned by someone else either verbal or scriptural. According to the news channel, this robbery took place in the night whereas the police are stating that it happened during the day
About to: to be at the point where something was just going to be done. I was about to come to you for advice when you called me
As a matter of fact: to be or have done something in actuality. As a matter of fact, I told her just yesterday about how they tease her child in school and how he is bullied by the bigger kids
Avant-garde: this phrase refers to artists whose work was ahead of their times. This fair has many sculptures and paintings that are avant-garde
Zoom away | zoom off: to be in a hurry. The duo just zoomed off in the mist, the perfect ending to a fairy tale wedding
Out of mind
Suited and booted: formally dressed; well dressed. The party was all suited and booted to go out tonight but then the weather caught on and everything had to be cancelled
Prick up ears: to start paying attention. The teacher asked her student to prick up his ears when he kept on disturbing the class with silly jokes
Pipe down: to take to one or more notches down to its current standard. The exercise was piped down for the audiences because the original would have been too difficult for the crowd to follow
A house of cards: something that can easily be broken or crumble by itself. The police brought the illegal business down like a house of cards as per the news article but it was a much more planned affair in reality
Pull the plug: to kill or discontinue. The doctors decided to pull the plug on uncle bill when he stopped responding to all the treatment courses that they took
Practice makes perfect: to keep repeating something over and over so that one can get good at that activity. The most important thing about getting better at playing a sport is to keep playing it. There is nothing like enough practice and eventually it is the practice that will make you perfect
Put a sock in it: to ask someone to stop talking. The teacher had asked the student to be quiet several times but he was still talking. She got angry and asked him to put a sock in it
Rain check: to give an assurance of not doing something right now but later. The couple took a rain check today from the school duties because it is their anniversary and they wanted to spend the day together
Shifting sands: refers to something that is constantly changing, often making a person feel uncertain. My husband has had trouble maintaining a job in the shifting sands of the economy
So and so: used in the place of someone's name, indicating that the person is of little importance. I love how june is always telling us how she met so-and-so on her travels. Everyone knows that she is making it up
So so: average - neither bad and nor good. The new restaurant in town is so-so. It is not the worst food that I have ever eaten, but I would not go back
All the rage: when something is the height of popularity. My parents used to love the beatles. They were all the rage when they were teenagers
Earworm: a situation when a song that comes to your mind again and again. This new pitbull song is a real earworm. I haven't been able to get it out of my head since last week
Lose it: go insane or crazy. I thought he had lost it when he told me how much his new car had cost
Lost on: it means that someone did not understand the remark or joke. She seems like a very smart lady, but my sense of humour seems to be lost on her
Lost to: to be defeated by someone. I cannot believe that we lost to their team on saturday. We practised so hard
Take over: to take control of something - often by force. I can't believe that they were able to launch a takeover of our company
Mr right, ms right: the best future life partner for someone. I wish that I could meet mr right. All of the men that I meet seem so immature
A hot potato: a controversial issue or situation that is awkward or unpleasant to deal with. The subject of bullying and fighting in my school is a hot potato
Piece of cake: something that is easy to do. Learning english is a piece of cake as long as you do it with our website
Once in a blue moon: very rarely. I go to visit my grandfather only once in a blue moon; he lives in a remote farm house
A bed of roses: easy option. Taking care of my younger sister is no bed of roses; she is very silly
Raining cats and dogs: raining very heavily. I wanted to go to play outside, but it was raining cats and dogs yesterday
When pigs fly: something that will never happen or is impossible. William will keep quiet only when pigs fly
Devil's advocate: one who presents a counter argument. Hey jack! you're always playing devil's advocate! give it a rest and mind your own business
Miss the boat: miss the chance. Peter wanted to enter the drawing competition, but he was too late to enter, and he missed the boat
Apple of eye: someone very precious or dear. Every kid in the world is the apple of their parents' eye(s)
Zip your lip: to stop talking. I don't want to hear another sound out of you. Now do as you're told and zip your lip
Lone it: to do an activity alone. They asked him to go to the movies, but he decided to lone it
Burst the bubble: the sudden end of a very happy or successful period. She looked so happy about getting married that her sister just couldn't burst the bubble
Close call: a narrow escape from disaster. It was quite a close call, but my father managed to avoid hitting the animal that ran across the highway
Cat among the pigeons: do or say something that causes trouble and make a lot of people angry or worried. The foreigner put the cat among the pigeons when he made some sensitive comments about the people's religion
Go out on a limb: do or say something that is different from most other people. During an analysis of the news, he went out on a limb and expressed an opinion opposite to that held by the general public
View all idioms
Keep your chin up: be stalwart and courageous in a tough situation. Don't let the difficulties intimidate you; keep your chin up
Come a cropper: to not succeed at something. The minister came a cropper as soon as she was elected. Hence she was transferred from her ministry and given something else to do in the cabinet
By dint of
A dime a dozen: something very common and not having much value. Adventure and traveling based reality shows are now outdated and a dime a dozen
Dig own grave: do something stupid that will seriously harm oneself, cause one’s own ruin or downfall. If she continues to behave like this to her...
Dig heels in: to be firm and resolute about something. The businessman was digging heels about buying these stocks even though all of his business partners were against it. They finally had to give him his way
Dig up dirt
Never say die
The die is cast
Die in harness: to expire while working. She doesn't want to retire - she'd rather die in harness
On the horizon: an event that is most likely going to happen soon. I have seen the way your boss praises your work. I am sure that a promotion is on the horizon
Wild goose chase: wasting resource working on something that does not exist. They tampered with my research. Thank god I found it out. I'm sure they were hoping to send me on a wild goose chase as I continue my research
Kick the can down the road: to avoid dealing with a problem. I realise that the house needs to be painted but we are going to move in a few years so I am kicking the can down the road
Pat on the back
Heart touching: an event that makes you feel happy. We watched a heart-touching movie about a boy who lived next to a concentration camp during the second world war
Tick off
Mull over
Right away: to do something immediately. I promise to complete my homework right away
Turn out: to arrive at an event. They had fewer people turn out for their party than they anticipated
For a while
Curry favour: seek to gain advantage by flattery. Her uncle is so rich that she feels compelled to curry favor with him lest she does not get mentioned in the will!
Cut corners: economise on time, money, materials or effort, perhaps unwisely. It is certainly not a sensible move to cut corners with national security
On cue: to happen at the precise moment. The race started right on cue. It was indeed enthralling to watch
Take up the cudgels: argue strongly in support or against somebody or something. The whole country has taken up the cudgels for the two men accused of breaking into the school
Crystal clear
Cup of tea: to like something. This music is much more my cup of tea than this new stuff
Full cry: to talk about a subject in an eager tone. The opposition party was in full cry in the parliament yesterday to ensure that the changes proposed by the government are not passed as legislation
Comes to the crunch: in a critical moment or crucial time, or in a tight corner. It’s always the same, she promise help, but as soon...
Crowning glory: the greatest or most beautiful thing . The crowning glory of her career came six years later when the council for british research awarded cynthia...
Caught in the crossfire: be badly affected by a situation where two people or group are arguing with each other. When parents fight over trifles, their...
Quantum leap: to make a significant improvement or dramatic advancement. The store has taken a quantum leap from where it was and seems to be headed strongly in the right direction
Quote, unquote: to use a phrase which has been coined by someone else but saying it in disbelief. She wants to practice law because it is a quote – respected – unquote - field
Queer pitch: spoil somebody's chance of doing something. He queered my pitch by asking for promotion before I did
Early bird: an early rising person. If you are an early bird, you know that watching the sunrise is how breathtaking
Easier said than done: something seems like a good idea, but it would be difficult to do. The doctor advised her to stop smoking and drinking...
Jack of all trades: someone who is competent at many things but does not excel at any of them. I am very glad that my husband is a jack of all trades; it saved us a lot of money when it came to renovating our house
The calm before the storm: an extremely peaceful atmosphere right before any serious incident or crisis. The family's meeting on property dispute begins today and i'm just sitting down with a cup of coffee, enjoying the calm before the storm
Cut and thrust: furious contest, discussion, etc. The man is not sure if he has it in him to appreciate the cut and thrust of such a huge organisational business
Cry wolf: to keep asking for help, even when you don't need it. when you really need help, no one believes you. The little boy had cried wolf so many times that when he was really sick no one believed him
As the crow flies: in a straight line. The nearest hotel is about 24 kilometers away as the crow flies
Light years away: when something seems unlikely to happen. The technological advancement like flying cars is light years away
You can lead a horse to water but you can’t make him drink: we can offer good things to people but we can't force them to accept that. I have tried my level best to educate him well, but he is still having a non-serious behavior, you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink
Lion’s share: the biggest part of something. Karen always keeps a lion's share – I won't work with her anymore
Knock out: knockout. Does your brother really think that he can knock out the biggest guy in school? I would like to see him try
Mad at
Screw up
Aftermath
White lie: a harmless lie. Telling your friend that you like their new haircut, when you really don't, is an example of a white lie
Take for a ride
Get to know
Bear the brunt of: to be bearing the main force that came from a blow. The family has borne the brunt of his misdeed for a very long time. I think they should be excused now
Bread and butter: to indicate what a person earns or earns for. The person depends on you for his bread and butter, how can you be so thoughtless?
Break new ground: do something innovative. It is an interesting discovery in energy conservation field of united kingdom which definitely breaks new ground in the country’s...
Break back: overpower, get through the hardest part of something, to put a lot of efforts into doing something. He is very talented and should refuse...
Think outside the box: think out of the box. The team always thinks outside the box to come up with unique advertisements for all its clients
Living on borrowed time
Take a leaf out of life, book: follow an example set by another person; imitate another person. You need to take a leaf out of...
Bring to book: make somebody accountable for his conduct, punish somebody. It was frustrating for the victims’ kin as the police and court failed to bring...
Make no bones about: to talk openly about something, instead of being silent. She makes no bones about his feelings towards the protestors
A bolt from the blue: a sudden and unexpected event or piece of news (typically annoying). The sudden uprising in many parts of the country was utterly a bolt from the blue for the ministry
Under fire: being shot at. The politician came under fire after it was discovered that he had spend campaign money on lavish parties
First light: the time when the light begins to appear in the morning. The search for the missing children will continue at first light
Once bitten, twice shy: a bad experience cause to believe caution. I will never work with peter again. He expects everyone to do the work on his behalf, once bitten twice shy
Kick the habit: to overcome an addiction especially of an addiction like drugs. Even after trying so hard, I could not kick the habit of drinking
Make ends meet: make sufficient money to survive on. We will need to start saving money in order to make ends meet
Head above water: to succeed to survive in bad financial situations. I have to work 60 hours a week just to keep my head above water. I don't know how people do it
Up and about: to get out of the bed actively after sleep. He was up and about within a few days of the operation
Free spirit: a person who freely lives a life of his own way. His wife is a free spirit, she does not believe in the work that we do
Keep the wolf from the door: to have sufficient money to prevent starvation or hunger. Both the man and his wife must work long hours just to keep the wolf from the door
So to speak: as it where. I will tell you what is going on but only because you are already family, so to speak
Zonk out: to fall asleep very promptly. After a very hard-working day, she zonked out
Too close for comfort: to be very close to something dangerous or unwelcoming. She was standing on the edge of a cliff in the photo, too close for comfort
Jump to conclusions: to predict a situation without having sufficient information. Wait till we get the report; don't jump to conclusions
In at the deep end: to start a new job or activity without being prepared for it. Thrown in at the deep end
No picnic: used to express that an activity or action is not fun. I love having little kids around but cleaning up after them is no picnic
So far so good: progress has been satisfactory up to now. Thanks for asking; so far, so good
Feel blue: to feel sad or depressed. Yesterday I felt blue, and nothing seemed to cheer me up
Out of hand: out of control. When the police arrived, they realised the party was getting out of hand
Alma mater: the school, college, or university that one attended or in which one has studied. He was delighted when he was offered the position of professor of english at his alma mater
Brain drain: the migration of highly skilled or trained people from a particular country. The slowdown in the advanced countries triggered a reverse brain drain to developing countries
Hands are tied: to not be able to do anything about a situation. The manager tried his best to explain the situation after such a terrible mess created by the employee in the account. In the end, his hands were tied and he had to fire the staff members responsible for the mistake
Money doesn’t grow on trees: to have to put an effort in earning money. The kids need to understand that even though they have been born with a silver spoon in their mouths, that money doesn't grow on trees
Learn to walk before you run: to take smaller steps initially. The plan will gradually get the company the revenue that they need to sustain in this market but you need to learn to walk before you run
If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it: to not try to mend things that do not require it. Their marriage does not need a councillor. You should keep out and if it ain't broke, don't fix it
Still waters run deep: to have passion or furore underneath a calm expression. Though he rarely speaks in class, still waters run deep
First things first: to have a priority order. The deal is on but first things first, let's discuss how the remuneration for the work will be done
It’s better to be safe than sorry: being careful may keep away unpleasant situation. They have taught their kids to play any sport only after wearing its gear because it is better to be safe than sorry
Look before you leap: to make sure that everything is alright before doing something important which you cannot revert. You better check out the costs that you will have to incur through the duration of this lawsuit before filling it. It is always better to look before you leap
Where there’s a will, there’s a way: willpower will defeat any difficulty. The man drove through eight countries in his car. It is true, where there is a will, there is a way
Many hands make light work: to come together for a cause. The workers gathered when the company was facing financial trouble to raise capital and proved that many hands make light work
A hard nut to crack: a problem that is difficult to solve. She's such a tough nut to crack. Nobody seems to be able to get through to her
Turn against: to change from supporting something to opposing it. A section of his supporters turned against him when they heard his latest speech on immigration
Fight tooth and nail: to fight very fiercely. I want this job so i'm going to fight tooth and nail for it
Herculean task: a task requiring huge amounts of physical strength. It will be a herculean task to get through to the quarter-finals, but this untested team is up for the challenge
Call of duty: something you must do or feel compelled to do. Both of my grandfathers felt it was their call of duty to enlist immediately for active service when the war broke out
Knotty problem: difficult or complex problem. The accountant always found the end of the tax year to be a knotty problem
When life gives you lemons: make the best out of a difficult situation. She tried to live by the motto 'when life gives you lemons, make lemonade.'
Topsy-turvy: with the top at the bottom. Everything has been topsy-turvy since we moved in. I can't find anything until I unpack properly
Goose egg: zero. We had a good game, but the score was goose egg
Keep promise: be faithful to your word. How on earth can I marry him when he can't keep his promises?
Spill the beans: disclose a secret or reveal something prematurely. Lauren finally spilled the beans. She has been promoted to manager, and it's going to upset some people in the office
Weather the storm: handle a difficult period of time successfully. There haven't been any tourists this year, and the hotels, campsites, and restaurants are having to weather the storm until things pick up again
The ball is in your court: the initiative for taking action lies with somebody. We did what we could, and now the ball is in your court
On the ball: alert to new trends, ideas, and methods. The mother is glad to know that her son is always on the ball to learn new things in class
On/to hand: present, nearby, close, or easily accessible. My parents are always on hand if we need a babysitter
Time puts everything in its place: time is persistent; as it passes eventually, everything goes back to its original state or place. After my breakup with judy, I couldn't understand why things had to end so tragically, but I now understand time puts everything in its place in my new relationship
White paper: official report or guide. The government will be issuing a white paper later this week
No pain, no gain: it is necessary to work hard or strive to reap rewards. If you want to win the title next month, you have to train for an extra hour every day next week. No pain, no gain
Red tape: over excessive or time-consuming rules and bureaucracy that hinder progress. She could have finished the project last week, but it was impossible to cut through all the red tape
Take it up/down a notch: apply more effort to achieve a goal. The team got through to the quarter-finals. Now they need to take it up a notch to get to the semis
Warm-hearted: to be kind and loving. My grandmother is a very warm-hearted person, everybody loves her
Hold tongue: to keep quiet when one would rather speak. When she said that she was very hardworking I had to hold my tongue
Catnap: a short sleep, usually during the day. I had a very late night last night. I think that I will have a catnap during my lunch hour
Pardon me: it is a way of apologising for something that has been said or done. Pardon me for offending you. I didn't realise that you were sensitive to the subject
Sea change: to have a big change in perspective. There was a sea change in his personality after he married his wife
Figure out: to solve something by using reasoning. It doesn't matter how long it takes. I am going to figure out this math problem
Eat crow: being proven wrong after taking a strong stand. No that my brother has proved that I was wrong I will have to eat crow
On a silver platter: to get something without having to work for it. She has never had to work a day in her life. Her parents hand her everything on a silver platter
Fit of anger: to display a very bad temper, often by screaming a lot. When she didn't get her way, she drove off in a fit of anger
Zip past: to move past (someone or something) very fast. The guy just zipped past me in the queue today without bothering about the rules of the organization
In blood
Blood on hands: be responsible for somebody's death. This politician, who looks so successful and empathetic now has the blood of many people on his hands from the time that riots took place under his orders
Blood, sweat and tears
New kid on the block: a new arrival in a place, group or organization. As I am the new kid on the block I know that I will have to work hard to prove myself
Blind spot
Blind date: an arranged meeting for two people have never met each other before, in order to try to start a romantic relationship. She agreed to...
A blind alley: a dead end. The latest scientific theory may turn out to be a blind alley
A blessing in disguise: the misfortune which turns out to have advantages. Losing that job turned out to be a blessing in disguise for him as it forced him to plunge into business
Blaze a trail: to find a new method/technique. American scientists blazed a trail for preventing coronavirus in 2020
Blast from the past: something that suddenly and strongly that makes you remember a previous time in your life. Watching that movie again was a real...
Rat race: to be following a routine that is both, exhaustive as well as competitive. The man has been in a rat race all his life. No wonder he is enjoying his retired life to the fullest
Upper hand: to have the authority to make decisions over someone or something. The man has an upper hand to his wife. It is reflected in the way he speaks with her
Stop by: to meet someone or go somewhere in a brief and informal manner. The gardener stopped by the nursery to get some soil for his garden
Must have: to be done in a compulsory manner. The must haves this season include a tunic and a head scarf
Come across: to meet someone. The men had never come across a failure and hence did not know how to deal with it
Way around: to find an alternative for something, someone or to perform a task. The way around such a problem would mean that we lose another 6 months in the completion of this project
Just in case: to do something as a precautionary measure. The cake was ordered just in case the desert that she made did not turn up well
Race against time: effort to do something as soon as possible. The completion of this project was honestly a race against time. The client needed to have filed the documents in the court by today at any cost
Baker’s dozen: not 12 in numbers but 13. The fellow gave me a baker's dozen of cookies. It made my children very happy
In the pipeline: to be underway. The project has been in the pipeline since forever. I am not sure if it will ever get completed
A drop in the ocean: a very tiny part of something big. Her cry was only a single drop in the ocean compared to the billions of tears shed by mourners after the war
Drop a line
At the drop of a hat: at the slightest signal. We now have a situation where laws are bent at the drop of a hat
In the driver’s seat: – in control – in charge of things or situation . The availability of a wide range...
Dressed to kill: elaborately attired, dressed to draw attraction. She arrived at the reception dressed to kill
Never in wildest dreams: a situation beyond the scope of one's imagination. Never in my wildest dreams did I think she'd abandon her father
On the drawing board: – in the planning, initial or design stage . The education canter is still on the drawing board. 2. The thermal power...
Draw the line: to define a limit in anything. It all depends on your concept of fiction and where you draw the line between fact and fiction
Drag feet or heels
Down the drain: to waste something. Fixing that old car is just money down the drain, it will never run properly again
Young blood: new members that provide various new schemes and ideas for the organization. The peace corps is in need of a young blood like adam
You can say that again: used to agree with another person or group of people. She said, "this horrible weather has been killing me." he said, "you can say that again!"
You know better than that: used to express disappointment when someone makes a mistake which they probably shouldn't have. She told me that you abused her, you know better than that
You wish: used to make a sardonic comment. I told her that we have been dating for 5 years now and she said "you wish!"
You can’t win them all: indicates the reality that it is not possible to always succeed. To be very frank, I am very disappointed that they did not give me the post of  the manager as I feel I truly deserved it after 5 years of work experience. Oh well, you can't win them all you see
You’ve made your bed: to make a decision and to accept the consequences of those decisions. Don't come back when it is all over and you have nowhere to go. Once you've made your bed , you'll have to lie in it
Yes man: a person who only agrees with the crowd or a group of people in order to please them or look good in front of them. You really can't trust what donald might say in front of the boss. Everyone knows that he is just a yes man and I am not even sure if he has his own views on anything
Your call: to leave a decision on  another person. I don't really care where we go right now for dinner. It's your call
Prick ears up: listen carefully. She pricked up her ears when she heard her name being mentioned by the group chatting animatedly at the corner
Pig in a poke: something that is bought without examining properly. If you buy a used car without examining it thoroughly first, you might end up buying a pig in a poke
Cloak and dagger: of or characteristic of the activities of spies and undercover agents. Do we need to go for cloak-and-dagger way? why can’t we just...
Clarion call: a strong and clear request for people to do something. The social leader’s clarion call for more donations has given rise to a prompt...
Chicken hearted
The chattering classes: educated people who like to discuss and give their opinions about political and social matters. The royal baby’s birth was a historic event...
Your sins will find you out: things you do wrong will become known. He usually cheats his customers by selling duplicate material, and now he lost...
Yoke around neck: a trouble for someone. Try to stop the fighting of two people was a yoke around his neck, they both hurt him badly,...
X marks the spot
Volte face: to change beliefs (suddenly) from something to its complete opposite. The current prime minister thinks it is a joke to volte face on the plans that he announces publicly
Vice versa: a reverse in position. I do not like my sister's new husband, and vice versa
Vent spleen: to exhibit your rage. The board members in the annual meeting witnessed the company's shareholders venting their spleen over them as they were angry
Black and blue: hurt, either bodily, emotionally or psychologically. The man beat his own mother black and blue! how could someone do such a horrible act? the mother is still praying for the best for him though
Twist of fate
Lost in thought
Faint of heart: to not be strong enough to handle a situation. This movie is not for those who are faint of heart. You better go to bed right now
Fall between the cracks: slip through the cracks. The management was so focused on planning for the next year's budget that they let this issue fall between the cracks
Black out: to be in a semi unconscious state so as to not have any memory of a particular moment. The child's mother blacked out on seeing him at the hospital. Subsequently she had to be hospitalised too
Blow mind
Pull your socks up
Love me, love my dog: to accept someone unconditionally. My parents share a very straightforward relationship, it is like love me, love my dog. They accept each other exactly the way they are in person
Dead as a dodo: no longer alive or existing. When my dad finds out that I have lost the mobile phone, I am as dead as a dodo!
Drink like a fish: this phrase means to drink heavily, which becomes worrisome. At any party that he goes, he drinks like a fish. His wife ought to control this if she can
A penny saved is a penny earned: this phrase advises people to be cautious of their money and have savings. Now that he has financial difficulties he will realize that a penny saved is as good as a penny earned
A rolling stone gathers no moss: it is difficult for a wanderer to be able to flourish. It was time for you to settle down at least five years back. You should find a place that you like and build a home there because a rolling stone gathers no moss
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing: gaining some knowledge can make a person believe that they have now become experts in that field. He read about the procedure online and thought he doesn't need the doctor to get it done. Now he will have to stay in the hospital far more than he might have in the first place, a little knowledge is indeed a dangerous thing
A miss is as good as a mile: this phrase points to the fact that regardless of how badly (or not) someone missed the target, it is a miss after all. Although they scored the last goal, that one miss was as good as a mile
A place for everything and everything in its place: this phrase is advisory in nature which talks about things being stacked neatly and should be put back in its place when one is not using that particular item. She is a strict mother and teaches her children to make a place for everything and have everything in place
A nod is as good as a wink: this phrase refers to passing signals to convey a message. this signal can be subtle for those who want to understand it. She wanted to go for the late night party so her friend made up a story about them getting together to study. Funny thing is that she had not said anything to her friend but a nod is as good as a wink between friends
A cat may look at a king: someone who is inferior in any form is not totally restricted in how they behave in front of a superior. Her boss had just entered but she still went on break. This cat looks at the king on a daily basis
A drowning man will clutch at a straw: it refers to the desperate measures that someone in need may make in order to come out of the situation. Although there was no possibility of success he tried his hand at this interview to get a job because a downing man will even clutch at a straw
A little of what you fancy does you good: it is a coveted way of addressing the benefits that one derives out of having sex. He was very happy to work overtime today because he could go home half day on his anniversary. A little of what he wanted has done him good
Home is where the heart is: a place you feel connected to emotionally. No matter where I go, it's always so lovely to come back here. Home is where the heart is after all
Sticky fingers: keep objects that don't belong to you. Money had started disappearing from the treasury coffers so, they realised that someone had sticky fingers
Apple pie order: neat and tidy in the arrangement. My mother is always cleaning. The house is in apple-pie order
On a tear: very active or suddenly active. Peter called to say he was getting an earlier train so, I been on a tear to get to the station in time
The smell of an oily rag: a slim or frugal amount  . When we were students, we didn't have much money and we got by on the smell of an oily rag most days
Bring owls to athens: something that is pointless. The chancellor has a plan to increase taxes, thinking that this would improve the economy. It would bring owls to athens
Anything but
Square peg in a round hole: a person who doesn't fit into societies norm. How he got the job I will never know. He's like a square peg in a round hole
Hit or miss: something is arranged in a haphazard fashion. "have you tried the new bar on the corner? we've been three times and it's a bit hit and miss."
Silver lining
Draw a blank: to get no response from someone. The bank manager will question you on why you need such a big amount as loan. You have to be confident in your answers and for heaven's sake do not draw a blank at that time
Blank cheque: complete authority or unrestricted freedom of action or a free hand. Several people expressed their concern when the chairman desired to give...
In black and white: printed form of a document. Bank demanded in submit the proposal in black and white
Black sheep: a disgrace. I have always been the black sheep of my family. Everyone else has responsible jobs while I have chosen to be an artist
Bite tongue: to keep yourself from saying something that you really want to say. I had to bite my tongue when peter said that he was hard-working
Bite off more than can chew: try to do more than one is able to do. By accepting two part-time jobs, he is clearly biting off more than he can chew
Bite the hand that feed: to turn against someone who has been a benefactor in the past. The strategies of the state government are not perfect but the people should not bite the hand that feeds them since many lucrative policies have been brought about by this government for the common people
Bite the dust: to fall to the ground. The soldier bit the dust after a very long fight and even at that he managed to take many enemy soldiers with him
Big deal: important thing. Winning a scholarship is no big deal for him
Bits and pieces: miscellaneous small objects. After the accident, there were bits and pieces of the wreckage spread all over the road
Pull a rabbit out of the hat: do something unexpected or surprising. The team was losing till almost the end, but suddenly, it pulled a rabbit out of its hat and won the contest in the dying minutes
By the skin of your teeth: barely manage to do something. We managed to complete the project on time by the skin of our teeth
Wouldn’t be caught dead: dislike something very much. I wouldn't be caught dead wearing shoes like that. They are so old fashioned
Whole nine yards: everything, all of something. She is the love of my life. For her, i'll go the whole nine yards
Straight from the horse’s mouth: from a dependable or reliable source. What you heard is true. I know since I heard it straight from the horse's mouth
Taste of own medicine: when someone gets the same bad treatment that he has been giving others. I'm tired of him always finding faults with me. I'm going to give him a taste of his own medicine
Take with a grain of salt: to understand that something is not completely true or right. I have read the article, but I take it with a grain of salt
Steal thunder: take credit for someone else's work. They all worked together on the project, but while submitting it, one of them stole the thunder
Speak of the devil: when someone comes in unexpectedly while being talked about. We were huddled together in our lunch table, talking about our boss, when he walked in. Well, speak of the devil!
A whole raft of: a large collection of something. A whole raft of techniques was used during the presentation in the annual meeting
Deja vu: already seen (literal meaning in french). She suddenly had a strong sense of déjà vu
Doldrums: be inactive. A cut in interest rates on housing loans can lift the property market out of the doldrums
Wash dirty linen in public: discuss publicly matters that one should keep private. She decided not to take the family dispute to court as she feared it would only lead to a lot of washing of dirty linen in public
In dire straits or need: experience difficult financial conditions or circumstances. The earthquake and the drought left the region in dire straits for a long time
Toll or sound the death knell: cause an organization, system or activity to fail or end . The shutdown of the local iron industry tolled the...
Turn a deaf ear: choose not to hear. Please do not just turn a deaf ear to their cries for help
Throw dust in eyes: to mislead somebody. She threw dust in the eyes of the jeweler by pretending to be a well-to-do lady, and then stole the jewellery
Well-to-do: rich and of good social status. In the capital's well-to-do suburbs, hiring a security guard has become a must for every family
At a discount
Dirt cheap: very cheap. Its quite a useful book, but luckily I could buy it dirt cheap at a junk shop
Bring up: in the literal form, it means to take something to a higher place. Please bring up some more blankets when you come to bed
Come out
Turn over a new leaf
Get through
Vim and vigor: full of energy and enthusiasm. Even though my grandmother is in her 80s, she is still full of vim and vigor
Buy the farm: to die. Mister jack was really ill from the past two months and yesterday he bought the farm
A fish out of water: being uncomfortable and restless. Our new teacher looked like a fish out of the water, nobody was aware of the issue
Bucket list
On the tip of my tongue: something like a name or word that you know it but cannot remember at a particular moment. It won't take me much time to remember, her name is on the tip of my tongue
From the bottom of my heart: with sincere and deep feeling. I am really happy with the new job and I mean that from the bottom of my heart
Flesh and blood: this phrase refers to direct family members, people that share a dna, that is, flesh and blood. Of course I care about her well-being, my sister is my flesh and blood after all
High on the hog: someone who is used to luxury. We aren't as wealthy as the jones' to eat so high on the hog
Know the ropes: to know all the ways and means to get something done. She has been working here for 30 years and knows the ropes to getting anything done
Dry run: a rehearsal before the actual performance. Today is only a dry run so we will not be using the actual costumes
Van gogh’s ear for music: van gogh was a painter who cut his ear off and this phrase is a pun intended one referring to being tone deaf. Her singing is so bad she has van gogh's ear for music
Doozy: it is something that is unique. It's a doozy of a painting, she is so creative
A whale of: very big (piece) of something. That birthday party was super fun, all the children had a whale of a time there
Clam up: refusal to talk further or reply. She clams up every time I walk in, it is worrisome
Fish for a compliment: it refers to an attempt to make someone say something nice to you or about you. When the student said that he was still not confident of the subject after a score of 80 on 100 in the test, the teacher knew that he was only fishing for a compliment
Turn turtle: it refers to something turning upside down. The automobile turned turtle on the highway when the storm got too strong
On the mend: to improve in health after an illness. After a long illness he is finally on the mend
Look forward: to eagerly await something. I am looking forward to seeing my best friend next weekend. I have not seen him for six months
Like a hole in the head: to have absolutely no need for something. I need a new friend is like a hole in the head, I am good to be single
Snow job: an elaborate cover up of something. The new ceo promises that the company performed very well this year. He has yet to release the financial statements, I am afraid that it's a snow job
In the nick of time: almost too late. He arrived at the wedding in the nick of time
Bump into: to meet someone by chance/accident. It was so nice to bump into you last week. I haven't seen you in years
I could eat a horse: to be extremely hungry. Could we please go out and get some dinner? I am so hungry that I could eat a horse
Low hanging fruit: a goal that can be easily reached. There are a lot of things that need to be completed for our project. I would suggest that we start with the low hanging fruit
Double take: to be so surprised at something that you have to take another look (american meaning). I did a double take when I saw how much weight my best friend had lost
The devil is in the detail
Forty winks: sleep for a while, mostly during the day. The bank manager caught the security guard while taking forty winks on duty
Elvis has left the building: the show is ended and go home now. I think we delayed coming - elvis has left the building
Famous last words: a comment or a prophecy that is expected to be proved incorrect. I was thinking that I will not have dinner today. Famous last words, I am very hungry
Sense of humour: the ability to enjoy funniness. I appreciate the fact that you have a sense of humour, but we need to be serious now
A stitch in time saves nine
Other half: husband, wife, or partner of someone. Next time I come to this restaurant I will bring my other half
For a song: incredibly inexpensive. She bought those lovely shoes at a flea market for a song
Not at all: a polite response when someone says "thank you" - as a synonym for "you're welcome". Thank you so much for helping with my move. Not at all
Beat the heat: finding a way to stay cool when it is very hot outside. I have found that drinking a cool glass of water helps to beat the heat in summer
Make do: to cope with something even though the circumstances are not ideal. I will make do without all of the research and send you a proposal by the end of the day
Chime in: to interject a remark. The family always chimes in with the others so they never feel like they have joined the social network from out of town
Cave in: to fall for something, either literally or metaphorically. The building caved in by itself after being erect for almost 70 years
Make common cause with: work together in order to achieve something that both groups want. Environment protesters have made common cause with local people to stop...
Catch napping
Carte blanche: to have complete authority. The guy has carte blanche over who works and who does not in this company
Call names: to insult someone. She was afraid that if she wore spectacles to her school, the other kids would call her names
Cut coat according to cloth: adapt to one’s circumstances, make sure one’s plans are appropriate to one’s resources. Of course, we’d love a luxurious car, but...
Cut down: to reduce the amount of something (usually bad). I am trying to cut down on sugar this month. I would like to lose some weight before going on holiday
Off the cuff: in an unguarded way. She has a habit of making off-the-cuff remarks which she later denies
Cut both ways: have two different effects at the same time, usually one good and one bad. Watching tv cuts both ways; it makes people know...
Stand your ground: not retreat. We stood our ground on the footpath, and then eventually, all the cows moved away
Outside the lines: not sticking to the rules. I never thought they would be allowed to do their duties outside the lines
Halfway house: mid-point in recovery, treatment, or progress. Frank has gone into a halfway house after 27 years in prison
Not believe eyes: shock or surprise at something you see or hear. My fiancé is with someone else - I can't believe my eyes
Spick and span: neat and clean. The house was spick and span when the guests arrived. Jane must have been cleaning for hours
Come to think of/about it: something that has just occurred to us as we speak. Come to think of it, add potatoes and carrots to the list
Worm in the apple: the presence of something very bad in the best. There's nothing worse than getting a worm in your apple!
Without further ado: no fuss or ceremony. Steve is very organised and friendly. When we met him last week, he introduced us all to the team without further ado
Dutch uncle: criticize, scold or lecture someone. I thought he would approve of my choices, but he ranted on like a dutch uncle for a whole hour
King of the hill: be the undisputed champion. He made £3 million before he was 30, so he is the king of the hill in this industry
Bang on: to be exact; to be correct; to be proper. The documentary was bang on the subject of female foeticide
Go bananas
Banana republic: a small, poor country with a weak, corrupt or dishonest government. If the current prime minister wins the election again, nobody can save our country from becoming a banana republic
A whole new ball game: a significant change in circumstances; a changed turn of events. After two genuine striking batsman joined the indian cricket team it...
Have a ball: to have a great time. The team had a ball at the corporate event. Rarely are such parties so interesting for the employees
A bag or bundle of nerves
Bag and baggage: (with) all one’s belongings. Tired of their tantrums, the landlady asked her tenants to vacate the house, bag and baggage, in a week’s...
Take a back seat: take a less important position. The founder of the company decided to take a back seat and let the board members run the...
Back door: to take indirect or unofficial route to get something done. The agency was given to him because he slid into the contract through the back door
On the brink of: to be on the verge of doing something. The dam was on the brink of pouring over when the officials decided to open the gates and let the water out
Chink in armour: a susceptible or vulnerable area. She is a brilliant social worker but her lack of political awareness may be the chink in her...
Three cheers for
Charity begins at home: the family comes first, and one should help their family before helping others. She spends the little money that she earns on social work and neglects her own family, forgetting that charity begins at home
Throw caution to the winds: to take a decision without caring about the negative effects that come with it. The caretaker threw caution to the winds when taking the baby out of the house even though he was already sick
Change of heart: change one's opinion or the way one feels about something. The call-back of the military and troops from afghanistan shows a change of heart by the british government
Child’s play: an informal expression meaning something that is easy to do. If you practise enough, driving will eventually become child's play
Catch-22: the particular situation in which one cannot win. I couldn't start my own business until I have got money, and I couldn't get the money until I start my own business, oh my god, this is the real catch-22 situation
Play cat and mouse
Let the cat out of the bag: to let a secret out in the open. The mason's let the cat out of the bag at the end minute. Until then nobody at the party knew about the performance by such a famous film star in a regular party
Castles in the air: thinking of some impossible task. She keeps talking about her big-time ambitions, but it's all castles in the air
Work like a beaver
Tighten belt: to save your money. I have had to tighten my belt since I lost my job at the ice cream factory
Baying for blood
Pass on the baton: give responsibility for something important to another person. The governor of the state bank of india resigns this month, passing on the...
Bated breath: to wait in a nervous and excited manner. The announcer announced the last number with bated breath which made the audience very anxious of the result
Beat a hasty retreat: abandon something (speedily). Once I realized that john was going to be at the party, I beat a hasty retreat
At bay: to keep something dangerous at a safe distance. The scientists were able to keep the disease at bay with the help of modern medicine
Back to basics: start to give your attention to the simplest and most important matters after ignoring them for a while. The president’s economic package has failed to...
Bark up the wrong tree: waste one's efforts by pursuing the wrong thing or path. It was a very sensitive case and yet for over one year the investigators kept barking up the wrong tree
Go with a bang: very exciting and successful. We take part in the events organized by jack and rose events company, because they go with a...
Every nook and cranny: to look for something everywhere. The lawyers searched every nook and cranny to find more evidence but alas, there was none
In the bag: have something as good as secured or certain. The deal was finally in the bag after a few rounds of tough negotiations
Idle hands are the devil’s tools: if you have nothing to do, you are likely to do some mischief. All the kids should be kept busy while you are away; idle hands are the devil's tools
Icing on the cake: when something good is added to another good thing that you already have. Everyone expected him to do well in the exams. Getting first rank was the icing on the cake
Going to hell in a handbasket: in extremely bad state and becoming worse. With corruption and malpractices everywhere, the political leadership seem to be going to hell in a handbasket
Lose head: not have control over your emotions. He is usually very calm and does not lose his head in stressful situations
Haste makes waste: if you do things too quickly, you can make mistakes. Try not to rush through things, even though you are in a hurry. After all, haste makes waste
Gut feeling: a personal, intuitive feeling. I had a gut feeling that he had been lying, and sure enough, it was later proved that he had been
Great minds think alike: thoughts of very intelligent people are similar to each other. The two of us had the same idea at the same time. well, great minds think alike!
Good samaritan: someone who tries to help people in trouble or need. The beggar was lying shivering on the road when a good samaritan came along and gave him a blanket and some warm clothes
Easy come, easy go: readily won and readily lost. I won a lot of money at the casino last night but lost it on my way out. Oh well, easy come, easy go
Behind closed doors: in clandestine. The planning board of the finance division constantly meets behind closed doors, in case its negotiations become known in advance
In due course: quite soon in the future. All candidates will be informed of our decision in due course
Keep own counsel: say little or nothing about one's opinions or intentions. Our boss is notorious for keeping his own counsel; you never know what he has in his mind
In the cahoots: to do something in hiding or secret because it is morally or socially not acceptable. It is usually the close circle of celebrities who are in the cahoots with the paparazzi. This is how celebrity outings are caught on tape so often
Cool heels: to wait or take rest. The prisoner has been awarded the death penalty is cooling his heels until the president evaluates if mercy can be sanctioned
Come to pass: to happen. The lady has come to pass that she will be in labour soon
Come to grief
Coin money: make a great deal of money easily or very quickly. With a monopoly in urban as well as rural markets the company could coin...
Feet of clay
End up: reach a particular place or condition. They ate so much that they ended up feeling ill for the rest of the day
Buffer zone: neutral zone between two or more areas. The council proposed to plant some parkland as a buffer zone between the industrial estate and the new housing project
Call on: use courage, reserve, nerve or strength to achieve something. He had to call on all his strength to get to the finals
Turn aside: refuse entry to somewhere. His job application was turned aside when they saw his criminal record
Rabbit hole: mentally go somewhere surreal or strange. Peter is having another one of his parties on friday. Time to go down the rabbit hole again
Bang for the buck: more value for money. We tried that new indian restaurant last night. The food was excellent, and the prices weren't too bad either, so we got a lot of bang for our bucks
Get rid of: to remove something or someone. He finally got rid of the door to door salesman, by saying he had to go out
Pay lip service: to agree by word of mouth only. He paid lip service to the cause, but he hasn't lent a hand yet
Two peas in a pod: practically identical in appearance. Those boys could be twins, they are like two peas in a pod
Fan the flames: make a bad situation even worse. The president's racist comments are really going to fan the flames of hatred among the crowd
On pins and needles: being anxious or nervous. We have been on pins and needles since we got the news that she had been stranded in the hills amidst a landslide
Off the record: an informal or unofficial statement. I will give you the information regarding what really happened, but strictly off the record
Off the hook: free of a difficult situation. Since it was his first offence, and a minor one at that, he was let off the hook with just a warning
Off on the wrong foot: off to a bad start. Their relationship started off on the wrong foot when they had a huge misunderstanding
No room to swing a cat: a very small place. How do you expect all four of us to stay in that room? there's no room to swing a cat in there
No dice: not agree for something. The children asked whether they could all go out for a camping trip, but no dice, their parents refused
New york minute: in a very short amount of time. I'll get that job done in a new york minute if you give it to me
Nest egg: an amount of money that has been saved, especially for future use. The stock market has given me good returns and helped me build a nest egg for my retirement
Mum’s the word: keep quiet and say nothing. We are throwing a party for our friend jeremy, but its a surprise, so don't tell him anything about it. Mum's the word
Loose cannon: somebody whose activities are uncommon and out of control. He was a loose cannon and could not be risked in front of the press
After blood: to want to revenge or punish someone, because they have made you angry. John is after blood who damage his car in the parking
Bitter medicine: something difficult to accept. Initially, the lockdown during the pandemic was bitter medicine for all
Big mouth: who speak a lot, be loquacious, often nosily or boastfully; be tactless or reveal secrets. His friends are scared of inviting his at the...
Make it big: become very successful or famous. I always knew that someday my life would flip and I would make it big
Belly laugh: to laugh uncontrollably. The books by this author always give me a belly laugh
Be in bed with
Beau monde
Take a beating: to be defeated in doing something and be reprimanded for the same. The younger sibling never takes a beating even if they have done the mischief. It is always the older child who is blamed
Stab in the back: a disloyalty. I have done everything for her, but she left me because of that guy, she stabbed in my back
Behind bars
Piece of writing: the work of a writer, anything expressed in letters of the alphabet (especially when considered from the point of view of style and effect). The editorial was a fine piece of writing
Speak soon: talk to you soon. Thank you so much for your assistance sandra, speak soon
Piece of work: a complex, tricky, or odd person. My friend has the weirdest of opinions, he's a real piece of work
Stand out: extend beyond or above a surface. The blood vessels in the back of his right leg stood out
Road to recovery: the procedure of becoming healthy again. The grecian government was supposed to put europe on the road to recovery from the economic and financial crisis
Slip of the tongue: a mistake in speech (or writing). The election bill was altered, by what I believe was a slip of the pen
Over and above: in addition to. Firefighters always go over and above to ensure that people are safe
Over and over again: again and again. I have cleaned up this mess over and over again but ever time I come back it is dirty again
Over and out: said when someone is finished talking. I have told you that you will not be going to the party. There will be no further discussion. Over and out
Prone to: having a tendency to something - usually awful or unfortunate. Kindly drive slow; this road is prone to accidents
In the cross hairs: in a position where one might receive severe criticism. The man was in the cross hairs from the very beginning of the interrogation
Pay the piper: to bear the ill-effects of something that was enjoyable at one time. The man controlled every aspect of his wife's life until he was asked to pay the piper
Rub the wrong way: to tick someone off. The guy has rubbed me in such a wrong way that I do not even want to look at him ever again
You can’t make an omelette without breaking a few eggs: to have to go through something seemingly not nice for a good result. The course requires a lot of effort on your part. It is true that you can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs
Forbidden fruit is always the sweetest: to desire something that is not within a feasible reach. The guy thinks that the forbidden fruit is always the sweetest and keeps asking her out even though she has refused him several times. I seem to think that this is becoming unhealthy and obsessive
Out of sight, out of mind: to not stay an active issue when something is not immediately visible. The company's top managers do not consider these government policy changes and important for their strategic planning. It is out of sight, out of mind for them but that is not a good thing in any way
Ignorance is bliss: to not get affected by something that is not known. The farmers were using these pesticides in their fields without even considering the harmful effects it has on the land. Ignorance is bliss
If you scratch my back, i’ll scratch yours: to return a favour for a favour. The government cannot expect any progress in the society with a "if you scratch my back, i'll scratch yours" attitude
No news is good news: to assume that since there is no news, it will not be bad news. The exam results are not yet out and I feel no news is good news
Tip of the iceberg: to only know a very small part of the problem. The manager-employee problems in this company are just the tip of the iceberg
Go for broke: risk everything and go for an all out effort. Realizing that they would be out of the competition if they lost this match, the players went for broke
Go down like a lead balloon: be poorly received by an audience. The joke he cracked went down like a lead balloon
Give the slip: to get away. The police were on the criminal's trail but in the end he managed to give them the slip
Get over it: accept something and move on. I know you are bitter about losing that job, but try to get over it and find another one
Get down to brass tacks: talk about the important things. We have been chatting around for quite some time. Let's get down to brass tacks and discuss what we are really here for
Rags to riches: go from being very poor to being very wealthy. He went from rags to riches after his roadside performances were noticed by a famous movie maker and he was offered roles in his movies
Foam at the mouth: be extremely angry. She was foaming at the mouth when she heard of her child's misdeeds
Flip the bird: show someone the middle finger as an act of contempt or anger. When he could not get the man to agree with him, he flipped him the bird and went off cursing
Flash in the pan: something that cannot be repeated, usually a positive concept. His initial good performances were a mere flash in the pan. Nowadays, he delivers only mediocre work
Field day: have a great time doing something enjoyable. The children had a field day when they were taken on a trip to the museum
Keep promise: be faithful to your word. How on earth can I marry him when he can't keep his promises?
In light of: because of. In light of what happened last week, please take care on the escalators
Old school: old fashioned ideas or approach compared to current trends. Dress smart when you come round for dinner, my father is a bit old school
Bite head off: overreact in an angry or harsh way. His mother nearly bit his head off when he got his new shoes dirty
Prevention is better than cure: easier to stop problems than correct them later. It is good to keep vaccinations up to date as prevention is better than cure
In the loop: to be aware of the information. Katy was always happy that her friends kept her in the loop with the latest gossip
Pipe dream: an impossibility. His plans of becoming an astronaut are a pipe dream, he should be more realistic
Fair and square: done according to the rules. The supporters for the other team were angry but we won the game fair and square
Ahead of the curve: better than others. His ideas are so innovative, he is way ahead of the curve. He might end up running the company at this rate
Does exactly what it says on the tin: someone or something is exactly as they seem. This medicine does exactly what it says on the tin, because I feel so much better
Across the board: applying to everyone. The improvement is seen across the board, with all divisions either recording profits or reducing losses
Come of age: become an adult, reach adult status. After years of experimentation with colors and strokes, his painting has come of age
Get act together: get organized and on schedule. The official was asked to get his act together if he wanted to keep his post
A man of action: a person of energetic activity. The country needs a political leader who is a man of action
Acid test: a test that proves a hypothesis or validity of a product or idea. He played well in the last match, but the acid test will come when the team plays the stronger opponents
Achilles heel: a vulnerable spot or weakness. The corrupt minister is regarded as the government's achilles heel and is expected to resign
Own accord: by one's own choice. The managing director of the company didn't have to be asked to resign - he went of his own accord
Take aback: surprised or confused by something unexpected. We were all quite taken aback by his decision to retire from upcoming football tournament
From a to z: comprehensive. Steve job's latest book tell the story of his from a to z
Up in the air: unresolved, undecided. The future of the project is up in the air as the management has failed to finalize the budget
As calm as a toad in the sun: to be very calm in a situation that can be unnerving. No matter what the situation is, you are always as calm as a toad in the sun. What is your secret in maintaining so much composure?
Basket case: a person or a thing that is not able to function properly. You should accept this job offer since this is your first job and that organization is a real basket case
Bug someone: to bother or irritate someone. The squadron leader bugged the military man in order to find out if he was a spy for the enemy
Green around the gills: someone who looks sick or nauseated. You need not know all the rules to understand that this kind of turbulent weather makes anyone on board go green around the gills. The cruise should have been stopped for a while
Use your loaf: to tell someone to use their brain more in analysing what they are doing. I do not like it that you talk about people's disabilities so often. You ought to use your loaf and understand that you may be hurting someone's sentiments
Sick as a dog: to be very sick. You should not go to study with him today. He seemed to be as sick as a dog according to his friends
Hive of activity: a very busy place. The restaurant on this weekend will be a hive of activities
Bug-eyed: the bulging of the eyes out is known as being bug eyed. I was bug eyed looking at her wedding dress and jewelry. Her parents have gone over and above to see her happy
Stir up a hornet’s nest: to create trouble. When the auditor asked for more shreds evidence, the treasury department stirred up a hornet's nest because they did not have more. This is how the fraud was actually revealed
Not hurt a fly or flea: to not be able to cause harm to anyone, including even a tiny and insignificant insect. He is such an innocent little child, he could not hurt a fly
Day in, day out
All in a day’s work: refers to the work that is done regularly by someone. Teaching difficult students might sound like a nightmare to other people but to teachers it is all in a day's work
Win the day
Call it a day: stop doing something, especially working. After second heart attack, she decided it would be best to follow her doctor's advice and call it a day
Dark horse: a little known, unexpectedly successful entrant. You never can tell, some dark horse many come along and win a house of lords seat
Put damper on: to discourage someone from doing something that they want to. The rain today put a damper on the picnic plans
Dance to tune: to do what someone else forces you to do. In order to keep the peace peter has to dance to his wife's tune
A damp squib: an event which people think will be exciting but which is disappointing when it happens. The party turned out to be a bit...
At daggers drawn: almost ready to fight. The two schools have been at daggers drawn for months. Ever since they played in the championship game
Wouldn’t dream of
Choke up: make a person become overemotional and speechless. He chokes up every time someone brings up the topic of their sudden movement to a new country. Perhaps there is a story behind it that we do not know about
Go through channels: to follow the correct steps in order to get something done. If you want to get a new licence you will have to go through the proper channels. Otherwise it will not be legal
Head in the clouds: daydreaming or absentminded. He roams around all night with his head in the clouds
Cash in: to earn out of something in big amounts. He has cashed in on the estate that his father created. I do not believe he has anything to call his own out there
Creme de la creme: to be exclusive. The children of the crème de la crème crowd go to this school. Needless to say that it is among the costliest in town
From the cradle to the grave
To the core: totally. Stella's plan was rotten to the core, it would not work in today's world
Cut and dried: ready-made. The rules in our school are cut and dried. Everyone is expected to follow them
Come again: to request someone to repeat what has just been told. The waiter could not understand what I was saying and kept repeating "come again" every time I named a dish to be ordered
In a clover
A bolt from the blue: a sudden and unexpected event or piece of news (typically annoying). The sudden uprising in many parts of the country was utterly a bolt from the blue for the ministry
Body and soul
Rock the boat: do or say something causes problem. The government asked the prime minister not to take firm action on protesters as it certainly doesn’t want anything...
Be in the same boat: be in the same unpleasant situation as other people. The speaker said that everyone should make an effort towards the protection of the environment, as everyone was in the same boat, and climate changes would have dire consequences for all
Spare, save blushes
Blow hot and cold: to sometimes like or be interested in something or somebody and sometimes not. Why are you blowing hot and cold simultaneously? tell me clearly whether you want to go with it, or not
Blue eyed boy: a man who is liked and admired by somebody in authority. She gets the charge of all the assignment except the finance, which...
Once in a blue moon: very rarely. The earthquakes hits once in a blue moon in this part of the earth, we never felt it
Bad blood between: feeling of hate between people because of any arguments in the past. The villagers say the arson attack may have been the result...
New blood: young and active people. The company management feels that the new blood should be used to find process improvement ideas because they can provide a third person perspective to our processes
Easy peasy: very straightforward. Just copy what I do. It's easy peasy
Bitter pill: something unpleasant to be endured. Finding out that she was adopted was a hard pill for hailey to take
To the nines: to perfection. The masked ball was excellent. You should have seen the costumes. Everyone was dressed to the nines
Tide over: temporary help (often financial). When I was at university, my mother always sent me food parcels to tide me over until my next grant cheque came
Shadowban: a method of censoring or controlling content on the internet. Twitter has shadow-banned me, and no one will see my tweets now
Brown study: melancholy mood accompanied by deep thought. I realised that sandra wasn't concentrating on what the boss was saying and had disappeared into a brown study
Good egg: a kind person. My neighbour, frank is such a good egg. He always feeds the cat and checks the house if we are away
Bad egg: someone who fails to meet expectations. Stay away from gordon. He's a thoroughly bad egg and the biggest bully in the school
Lower the bar: to lower standards or expectations. The revision bill aims to lower the bar on picking candidates
Raise the bar: to be better than what went before. Our family is so competitive. Now that my cousin has gone to university, everyone will expect me and my brother to raise the bar too
Everything but the kitchen sink: almost everything that one can think of. When he moved out of the house, he took along everything but the kitchen sink
Drop like flies: many people falling ill or dying around the same time. It was flu season and people in our office were dropping like flies
Down to the wire: a situation where the outcome is not decided until the very end. With both teams being equally matched and putting up an exceptional display, the match was very exiting and went down to the wire
Don’t look a gift horse in the mouth: don't be ungrateful when you receive a gift. I know you don't like the dress very much, but it was a gift; you should not look a gift horse in the mouth
Curiosity killed the cat: too much curiosity can lead to dangerous situations. When he started asking too many questions of his neighbours about their whereabouts during the weekend, they warned him that curiosity killed the cat
Cup of joe: a cup of coffee. When I wake up in the morning, the first thing I do is make myself a cup of joe
Come hell or high water: come what may. I want to complete this report by today, come hell or high water
Blood is thicker than water: family relations and bonds are closer than other relationships. When you get into trouble, usually your family will be the ones to bail you out, not your friends. After all, blood is thicker than water
Close, but no cigar: be very close to accomplishing a goal but fall short. You did quite well for someone who was playing for the first time. You attempt for close, but no cigar
Chow down: to eat something, usually quickly or vigorously. Is the food ready yet? I am hungry and ready to chow down all you have got
Shades of grey: refers to a situation where things are not really clear. Tina's story to the police on how she got mugged was different shades of grey as it was not consistent
As different as chalk and cheese: for two things to be completely different from each other. Despite james and john being identical twins, their characters were as different as chalk and cheese
Means to an end: a necessary action carried out just to achieve a goal. Her working as a public defender was not due to her passion for the job but solely as a means to an end
Line in the sand: a boundary beyond which one cannot proceed without consequences. His resolve to either get a paid internship or drop out of school was his line in the sand
Full of beans: to be optimistic or enthusiastic. Upon hearing the good news, mary was definitely full of beans
From pillar to post: to move from one place to another with no purpose and direction. Failing to get a satisfactory answer from her doctor, mary went from pillar to post searching for a cure for her illness
Shed light: to explain something in order to make it easier to understand. Due to the complicated equations, we thought it is best to hire a private tutor to shed more light on the topics
Laughter is the best medicine: means that laughter can help cure negative feelings such as stress, anger, worry, depression, etc. After spending several hours in good company, martha felt her depression lifting and realised that laughter is indeed the best medicine
Butter up: to flatter someone so as to get something in return from them. Mary's nice compliments about her not so nice boss made it clear that she was just trying to butter him up
Buck up: to summon the courage to do something. After losing the first place position to martha, everyone heard mary's mother tell her to buck up
Over the top: excessive, exaggerated. The politician was over the top with his speech. Everything he said was exaggerated
Kick the bucket: to die. Have you heard? the old man down the street has kicked the bucket
Keep an eye on: keep a watch on something or someone closely. The cops always kept an eye on the top trouble makers of the city to ensure that the festival period are not affected
If it’s not one thing, it’s the other: everything is going wrong. It's such a bad day today. If it's not one thing, it's the other!
Set in ways: leading a fixed lifestyle. People tend to get set in their ways as they grow older
When pigs fly: pigs might fly. Her crazy mother said that being so lazy, megan is going to be rich one day for sure and without any hard working job. Come on, when pigs fly!
Find feet: become familiar with a new situation. He's still new in his job; give him some time to find his feet
Cut to the chase: come to the point. We haven't got all day for this discussion. Let's cut to the chase
Between a rock and a hard place: having two very bad choices. I hate my job but cannot quit owing to my economic condition. I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place
It’s a small world: meeting someone not expected to be at a certain place. I had no contact with him since school, and I bumped into him at a friend's party! it's a small world
Pour oil on troubled waters: try to calm, soothe or placate a problematic situation. She's such a calm person; last week, the whole office was in uproar until she stepped in and poured oil on troubled waters
Elephant in the room: a difficult, controversial, or obvious problem that no one wants to talk about or mention because the subject is problematic, uncomfortable, or awkward. When geoff arrived at the meeting yesterday, he had a huge black eye. He gave us no explanation, and nobody dared ask him about it. So we sat there for the whole morning with this elephant in the room
Barking dogs seldom bite: to threaten someone, but not take action or follow through with threats. "i haven't finished my maths homework. You know what mr peterson is like, he'll shout so loud they will hear him in the next town.""yes, but barking dogs seldom bite. It's just his way."
Nail in the coffin: an action/event that will help bring about the death, end, or failure of something or someone. She was late for the fourth day in a row. It will be another nail in her coffin when the boss hears about it
Break the ice: to do or say something that makes people feel more comfortable, especially at the start of a meeting or party. Jone suggested playing a party game to break the ice
More than meets the eye: not as simple as it looks. I had done some research, but there's more to the subject than meets the eye
In the red: more money going out than coming in. If your bank account goes in the red, the bank will charge you for every transaction
White elephant: an expensive item with no use or purpose. Everyone thought the olympic stadiums would be a white elephant after the closing ceremony
In hand: under control. Don't worry about a thing; i've got it all in hand. I did it all online
Straight shooter: someone who speaks the truth. I really like ken. He's a straight shooter, that's for sure
Ring fencing: to create a separate legal entity through the way of off-shore accounting in order to protect some assets in a corporation. It was the ring fencing that protected this company from an almost certain doom
Rise and shine: to ask someone to wake up and become active in the daily chores. The sun is up, rise and shine!
Rome was not built in one day: admirable results always take time. The oswal's have really worked hard in building their empire. Rome was after all not built in one day
Run out of steam: to lose the effect that something once had. The project ran out of steam quite early on and then for it to take of was obviously quite difficult
Scot-free: scotch free. The person went scot-free even though there were many people convinced of his crime because the evidence against him was circumstantial
Saved by the bell: to be saved from losing because there is a signal of the event coming to an end. The accused was saved by the bell otherwise the judge would have pronounced the sentence today itself
Scapegoat: to be made to suffer or bear the punishment for someone else. The fellow has always been a scapegoat since he is the youngest of the four siblings
Riding shotgun: to provide active aid to someone. This politician is a sitting shotgun for his brother's company. It is sad to see that he is using his political influence for his own purposes
Sixth sense: to have an intuition about something. The man has a great sixth sense and manages his business just on his intuition
Skid row: a bad locality which houses flophouses, run down hotels and cheap salons. The place is neither skid row nor a main street. You will have to look it up on the maps to find it
Hit the road: depart. We'd better pack the car and hit the road before it gets dark
Zero hour: a time when a crucial decision or essential action must be taken. Right before the dawn, the british military had been waiting for zero hour to start the operation against terrorists in afghanistan
Dab hand: an expert or skilled person. Sophia is a dab hand at cooking
Bright spark: an intelligent and lively person (humorously). Emma is the bright spark of the school – she scored the highest marks in the class
Bare bones: most basic and important elements or facts. Wendy told us a bare-bones version of the long story
Put your foot in it: say something (by mistake) that upsets, humiliates, or embarrasses someone. Carla put her foot right in it when she congratulated her neighbour on being pregnant. It turns out she's not expecting but had just put on weight
Waiting time: a period of time from when action is requested to when it happens. The waiting time for non-urgent surgery seems to be on the increase over the last five years
Tempest in a teapot: when a minor issue causes an exaggerated reaction of anger or trouble. At first, I thought we were having a general discussion, but it ended setting off a tempest in the teapot
Storm in a teacup: an excessive enthusiasm or rage about a minor matter. I find the whole issue about these gender roles a storm in a teacup
Jump on the bandwagon: to start doing something because it is fashionable or profitable. Get on the bandwagon
Give up: to stop trying to figure something out. John was so tired of trying to fix the stove that he decided to give up and phone an electrician
All the best: a polite way to end a letter or email. We would like to wish you all the best in the year to come
Pain in the neck: pain in the ass. Mathematics is generally a real pain in the neck for most of the school and college students
Learning curve: the rate of learning new skills. Every employee undergoes a learning curve while getting to know the company
As simple as that: extremely easy to understand or comprehend. There can be no exceptions. Every new recruit has to undergo an orientation course, it's as simple as that
Take stock: to think carefully about a situation in order to make a decision. Before deciding on which job to take, peter has decided to take stock in order to make an informed decision on which choice would be best for him and his family
All day long: the whole day, throughout the entire day. The beggar had to beg all day long before getting enough money to feed his hungry children
Carry on: to continue with something. After the huge earthquake the children are still carrying on with their shock
Slow day: a day in which not much happens, so it feels like it is taking very long to pass. The shop did not make a lot of money today, we had a slow day
Head start: to start ahead of the official start of an event. I know that the paper only has to be in next week, but I would like to get a head start
Cool as cucumber: be very calm and relaxed, particularly when it's astonishing. There he stood, cool as cucumber and totally oblivious to the violence that had shattered the very fabric of the society
To heart’s content: to gain full satisfaction. The man ate food at the buffet to his heart's content. He seemed really happy as he left for home
Cold feet: loss of courage. He got cold feet when heard the news of his transfer to remote area of the country which is hundreds of miles from his home town
Conspiracy of silence: general agreement to keep silent about a subject for the purpose of secrecy. On the airport security check, there is a conspiracy of...
Show true colors: to reveal what one is really like. I trusted her blindly, but when I was in need too much and called her for help, she showed her true colors
Be on a collision course: doing or saying things which are certain to cause a serious disagreement or a fight between them. All the ambassadorial attempts...
Pour cold water on: deter or discourage somebody. It is not nice to pour cold water on someone's plan when you do not want to be a part of it in the first place
Catch a cold: suffer a financial loss. Like my elder brother brian reddik tried the offshore business of education, but he catches a cold just after...
Coin a phrase: as one might say. She was, to coin a phrase, as clever as fox
Under a cloud: under suspicion. The luxury transport industry is under a cloud at the moment after newspapers revealed that many indulged in illegal activities
Buy time
Press, push the panic button: do something quickly without thinking about it in order to deal with a bad, difficult or worrying situation. They have...
As busy as a bee: very busy. I am trying to complete my assignment by the weekend and am as busy as a bee. Could we rather meet up next week?
Bury head in the sand
On the back burner: to put something (that is to be done) for later. The assignment is on the back burner while I concentrate on writing this play
Burn the midnight oil: work long hours and hard. It is very very hard assignment, and I had to burn the midnight oil to get it completed on time
Burn the candle at both the ends: exhaust someone's energies or resources by leading a hectic life. Since starting my new job I have been burning the candle at both ends
Take the bull by the horns: decisively deal with a difficult or dangerous situation. Jone decided to take the bull by the horns and organise things for himself
Bull in a china shop: extremely awkward, clumsy person. The president has been attacking foreign ministers and even the people in his own party like a bull in a china shop. This has not only led to a lot of criticism but people have started alienating from him
A fast (or quick) buck: earn money quickly and often in a way that is not honest or normal. Jack trying to make a fast buck by selling burgers in a busy street
Too many cooks spoil the broth: to mean that something does not go well when there are too many ways to do it. The company management had 11 decision makers. No wonder it closed operations since too many cooks spoil the broth
Absence makes the heart grow fonder: to miss and love someone more when they are not around. The couple reunited after almost a year and understood that the absence had made their hearts grow fonder
Honesty is the best policy: being honest is always good and fruitful. The company has high moral standards and has the words "honesty is the best policy" written all over its premises
Grass is always greener on the other side: to think that other's part is better than mine. The lawyer always thought that the grass is greener on the other side and left his profession to become an mba graduate. Guess what? he is still struggling to find a job
Two heads are better than one: to have more than one participant in an activity to make it better. The company engaged with another marketing consultant because it is an important project and two heads are better than one
Familiarity breeds contempt: to start disliking something when one gets to know too much about it. The couple could not stay together long after their wedding because familiarity breeds contempt
There’s no time like the present: right now is the best time. The master chef always told me that there's no time like the present to start working on your signature dish
All good things must come to an end: everything that is deemed nice, ends. The band breaking up was a terrible things but I guess all good things must come to an end
Beggars can’t be choosers: do not ask more or customize what you get when you have got it after asking for it. In this village you are only going to get these many options for furniture. Learn to live it because beggars can't be choosers
A watched pot never boils: if you wait for something to happen it takes longer. I kept waiting for hours near my phone but there was no news from my daughter from the war zone yet because a watched pot never boils
Learn the ropes: to learn the tricks in order to do something well. It is important that you learn the ropes and know your father’s business well before you take it over
From time to time: every now and then. The kids write to me from time to time letting me know of their latest adventures
Two wrongs don’t make a right: the fact that responding to a negative situation in the same manner will not make things better in any sense. You cannot leave the kitty because she was rude to you. Two wrongs don't make a right
Come down with: to have (usually a disease). The joshi's have all come down with the flu, so none of them will be able to attend your wedding
Run a tight ship: to be strict about something. Martha runs a tight ship at home. With 4 kids to take care of at home, she cannot have it any other way
Heads up: to inform about something beforehand. Heads up! this machine is used to trim grass, please handle with care
Get under skin: to be irritating. The new manager is getting under my skin
Pass the torch: to pass on the responsibility. The director of the company passed the torch after he got too sick to take care of the company matters
Dream come true: fulfilment of a wish after a long time. This house is my dream come true
A needle in a haystack: something very small amidst something very big. You must be kidding when you say that you would like to find evidence in this case, it is like trying to find a needle in a haystack
Fit as a fiddle: a very healthy person. My grandfather is 90 years old, but he is as fit as a fiddle
Throw in the towel: to quit. His trainer told rocky that he would throw in the towel if he did not start throwing punches
Every cloud has a silver lining: there is something good in everything that's bad. Reena was depressed to be confined to bed after her surgery, but over time, when she could spend a lot of time with her family and catch up with old friends, who came to visit her, she realized that every cloud has a silver lining
Third wheel or fifth wheel: a person who is in a situation where they are not needed. I was the only person at the dinner party without a date. I felt like a third wheel
Lights are on but nobody is home: used to describe a stupid person. I tried all to understand him, but the lights are on but nobody is home
Bell the cat
Liquor up: get someone drunk. When their friends came for a visit, they took them to the bar and liquored them up
Take the edge off: blunt the effect of. Have a painkiller - it'll take the edge off the pain your in hand
Early days: it is too soon to make a judgment about something. The new measures seem to have worked, but it's early days yet and the reserve bank of india governor would rather not make any comment about the country's economy
Play by ear: learn music by ear. My sister learned to play the piano by ear when she was a child
Cross the bridge: to delay worrying about something that might not happen anyway. We think that there may be too many people to fit into the hall, but we will cross that bridge when we come to it
Back to square one: return to where one started from. The government and the state bank spent years strengthening the nation's economy but the recession and slowdown shattered it, so we are back to square one
Get to the bottom: to find out the truth relating to a situation. The murderer will not get away with it, the news anchor said. She assured the audiences that the police will get to the bottom of it all
The bottom line: in the final analysis, the most important fact in a situation. The bottom line is that pregnant women’s health is at greater risk...
In the good books: be in somebody's favour or good opinion. He always managed to be in the good books of the bosses, surprised one and all
Have a bone to pick with: an unpleasant issue or grievance that need discussion. The two reputed universities of the state have a bone to pick with each...
Bone of contention: the subject of a dispute. A serious bone of contention between the landowners and the developers was the compensation price for the land
Push the boat out
Above board: straight; without concealment, legitimate; open. The company expected the deal to be cleared above board and at the fastest pace possible
Out of the blue: out of nowhere or unexpectedly. Out of the blue, a deer came in front of my car
Belly up: to die. Many companies went belly up during the great inflation
Save your breath: to not waste effort on something that has no outcome. You must save your breath by not asking this generation to keep their cell phones at rest
Have no truck with: avoid dealing or being associated with. You should have no truck with those few in your class. They are just trying to misuse your trait of helping others
Best thing since sliced bread: something that is too fine. The invention of internet has changed the way we live; it is the best thing since sliced bread
The best of both worlds: a win-win situation. "if you decide to live here you get the greenery of the countryside and the amenities of urban life. Its the best of both worlds, really."
Actions speak louder than words: what you do carries more weight than what you say. "you always speak of the importance of charity, but never do anything. Actions speak louder than words!"
Add insult to injury: to make a bad situation worse. The company rejected his application for a job, and to add insult to injury, refused to pay his expenses
Penny for your thoughts: a way of asking what someone else is thinking. "you have been quiet for a while, a penny for your thoughts."
Hot potato: any subject which several folks are talking about and which is frequently argued. The issue of gun control is a political hot potato in the united states
Banker’s hours: short working hours. With our boss on leave, most of us worked banker's hours for the whole week
Camp follower: a person who is supportive of the cause, person or organisation. The only issue of being related to a celebrity is that the camp followers never leave you alone
Come up with: to find a new thought. The team has to come up with cost saving ideas soon otherwise the budget cut will cost them a lot
Come up
Come on: to request to hurry (something). The waiter asked us to come on and get the table before the people who had reserved it would arrive. Big tips do work!
Come to a head: to reach a point in a situation where action needs to be taken. The negative political climate in america seems to have come to a head
Cost an arm and a leg: very expensive. I'd like to have a new farmhouse, but it may cost me an arm and a leg
Carry out: put something into action, to accomplish something, to do something. The scientist wanted to carry out several experiments before announcing the sending of human...
A cinch: an extremely easy task. I have been preparing for this presentation for the last six months. This promotion will be a cinch for me
Come to a pretty pass: a bad situation. Things have come to such a pretty pass that nowadays parents are afraid of advising their children
Choke up: make a person become overemotional and speechless. He chokes up every time someone brings up the topic of their sudden movement to a new country. Perhaps there is a story behind it that we do not know about
Upset the applecart: spoil or disrupt a plan or arrangement. We had planned to hold a get-together in the evening, but bad weather upset the applecart
Apple of eye: the person of whom one is extremely fond, favorite, loving. She has three children, but her youngest son is the apple of her eye
Apple of discord: something that causes trouble or unhappiness. The right to host the next olympic games has become an apple of discord between the two countries
Ants in pants: be extremely restless. The young students just can't sit still; they must have ants in their pants
Up the ante: increase the demands or risks to obtain better results. The government has upped the ante by refusing to negotiate with the ultras until a ceasefire has been agreed
Run amok (amuck): act in a wild or dangerous manner. When the police arrived, they were confronted with a group of protesters running amuck in the lanes of the old town
All and sundry: everyone. I don't want all and sundry to come to know about our differences
Alpha and omega: both the beginning and the end. He had to learn the alpha and omega of the subject before he could even begin his research
Alive and kicking: lively and active. She hadn't met her younger sister after her marriage and was delighted to see her alive and kicking at a social event last weekend
In the blink of an eye: in an instant. In the blink of an eye, the robber disappeared from the bank with a bag full of cash
Lead astray
Cast aspersions
High or top on agenda
Ad hoc: something arranged, started, or done only when necessary but not planned earlier. An ad hoc committee was formed to address health insurance problems
Hold all the aces
Make an ass: to make a fool of someone. The comedian has to make an ass of himself every time he gets on stage. He is truly the modern day joker
Arm in arm: to be closely allied. This couple always walks arm in arm. It is very sweet to see a subtle display of affection these days
Alter ego: another aspect of oneself, a very close friend or constant companion, a trusted adviser. Jack was the alter ego of rose in the titanic...
Give airs: to be pretentious/showy. Susan is a very smart girl but the fact that she gives herself airs about her job makes me like her a little less
Good account of: perform well, often in a challenging situation. As he could not give a very good account of himself in the interview, the company...
Come over: to go to someone else's house. June and her sister will come over for lunch on sunday, we are having chicken pie
Run out: to not have enough of something. I cannot believe that we have run out of milk! just when I wanted to make a cup of tea
Count on: it means that you are able to depend on somebody or something. It doesn't matter what happens, you will always be able to count on
A sight for sore eyes: a way of saying that you are happy to see someone. I can't believe that I haven't seen you in a year! you are a sight for sore eyes
Weak in the knees: to be overcome by a strong feeling, usually desire. The man makes me weak in the knees when he kisses me
Never mind: to urge somebody not to worry about something. Never mind, I will do it myself
Say what: used when asking someone to repeat what they have said. They are going out tonight, even though we told them to stay at home. "say what!"
Point blank: to fire something at such close range that it cannot be missed. I asked the boy whether he thought that I was pretty, he said "no" point blank, without even trying to spare my feelings
Cheat sheet: a cheat sheet is a sheet containing information. John got caught using a cheat sheet during the test, he will be receiving a failing grade and will be in detention for the next three months
In a huff: to be upset or angry about something. June was very upset because her mother would not buy her a new pair of shoes, so she stormed out of the room in a huff
Breakout: to escape from somewhere violently. The breakout was so sudden that the guards did not even have the time to process what happened
Outbreak
Being in love: to have strong feelings of love for someone. Being in love doesn't mean that you forget about all your responsibilities towards your parents, does it?
A cut above: noticeably greater to. This diamond is a cut above the rest. You will like it because you have an expensive taste
In the meantime: simultaneously. The party prepared to move to another location in the meantime
Turning point: the point after which things become better. The turning point in the story came when the protagonist lost his sister in a car accident
Batten down the hatches: to get ready for trouble. The army is wise to batten down the hatches near the border when our neighbouring country seems to be so hostile
Old habits die hard: difficult to discontinue of an aged habit. The colonel still sleeps with a loaded pistol by his side, even though he has retired from the army ten years backs. As they say, old habits die hard
Stack the deck: to be against someone or something. The manager had stacked the deck against me but I was able to prove through the system that the error could be apportioned to me
Beef up: to become big and muscular. Google has beefed up it's search algorithm to provide the best quality search result to its users
Brownie points
Blind impulse
Beg to differ: to politely refuse something. The argument was quite wonderful in his opinion but I beg to differ. I never enjoy political debates
Backhanded compliment: ambiguous statement – one that can be taken as a compliment, but which might also be seen as an insult. She told him that... 
In the black: to not be in debt. The employees were in the black until the management wrapped up the entire business
Close the books: set the ending to a concerned issue. The accountant closed the books and that was the end of your 40 year old favourite sweet shop
Shoot the breeze
Scrape the bottom of the barrel: select from among the worst; to choose from what is left over. As all the candidates who came for the...
Betwixt and between: to be undecided about something. The girl was betwixt and between which of her parents to choose during the divorce trial
By the way: incidentally. I will not be going to the party. By the way, I do not like him too much
Have eyes only for: be attracted to someone exclusively. Jane was a very popular girl in her college and was surrounded by admirers, but she had eyes only for steve
Wear off, out: something that deteriorates or changes by wearing. That garment is completely worn out. Why don’t you just throw it away?
Head over heels: fall deeply and completely in love, especially suddenly. Tom and mary are head over heels in love with each other and are going to get married next month
Lovey-dovey: showing lot of love or affection. We had gone for lunch with our boss and his wife, but it was pretty awkward with a couple getting lovey-dovey a couple of tables away from us
Red letter day: a day of significance. The day that I started my journey towards my real career was a red-letter day for me
Pin money: a small amount. The maid service in this area are no longer available at pin money. You have to shell out big bucks in order to get household help
Fall for: to be attracted romantically to a person. I think charlie has fallen for jenny. He is always trying to find reasons to be with her
Go steady: have a romantic relationship with someone. Kate and jack have been going steady with each other for the past few years now
Have the hots for: be very sexually attracted to someone. My friend has the hots for the new girl who has recently joined his team
Hissy fit: to throw a tantrum. A hissy fit is not justified just to get someone to listen to you. You have to be more mature than that
Like a chicken with its head cut off: act in a frenzied manner. Does he know how to handle the situation? he has been running around all morning like a chicken with its head cut off
Level playing field: a situation that is fair to everyone. These set of rules would provide a level playing field to all the competitors and all would have a fair chance of succeeding
Lend me your ears: ask for someone's full attention. Lend me your ears, and I will tell you about my adventures in the mountains
Last but not least: someone or something that is last in sequence, but not less in importance. After the success of his first book, the author thanked his publisher, editor, and, last but not the least, his family
Knock on wood (touch wood): tap knuckle on wood in order to avoid bad luck. I am expecting a promotion and a big pay hike this year, touch wood
Knee jerk reaction: an automatic response to something. It was a typical knee jerk reaction. He said no immediately without considering our proposal
Keep body and soul together: manage to stay alive with very little money. When he first came to the city, he earned barely enough to keep body and soul together
It’s anyone’s call: a competition where the outcome is difficult to predict or judge. I think this year's election would be anyone's call. Both the candidates seem to have an equally divided support base
In your face: a bold, defiant or aggressive manner. Unable to tolerate jack's in your face attitude anymore, his boss fired him from the job
In the buff: naked. The model created a sensation when she posed for a magazine cover in the buff
Out of action: something is not working or cannot be used. I'm afraid I cannot tell you the account balance as the system is out of action
All in all: considering everything that has happened. She may not be brilliant, but all in all I think she did quite well in her exams
Clear the air: get rid of all doubts and negative feelings. They had a huge misunderstanding, but decided to clear the air by sitting together and discussing things frankly
Take into account: bear in mind. I hope my teacher will take into account the fact that I was ill just before the examination when he evaluates my test paper
Abc: the alphabet (see example 1 and 2). My little son now has started learning abc in school
Crocodile tears: shed crocodile tears. She deceived him when he lost everything in his life, now again when he is rich man, she approached him to get together and shedding crocodile tears
Crack the whip: make someone work harder by asserting power or authority. We'd better get some work done, or he'll crack the whip when he gets back from his tea break
Heads will roll: people will be fired or forced to resign. Heads are going to roll when the boss finds out about the missing stock
Rocket science: something very difficult to understand. I've no idea why kelly can't make a spreadsheet, and it's not exactly rocket science is it?
Black mood: to be angry, irritable or in a temper. Geoff was in one of his black moods today, and no amount of cajoling could snap him out of it
Red-handed: doing or about to do something illegal or wrong. They caught him red-handed with his fingerprints all over the murder weapon
Eye candy: attractive visually but uninteresting in other ways. The company website was pure eye candy because it looks good, but nothing is interesting when you dig deeper
Rest assured: emphasizing that there is no need to worry. You can rest assured that the transaction will be completed by the close of business today
Set the bar: fix the standards acceptable for the task. Don't set the bar so high that it's impossible to achieve anything
Rest in peace (rip): respect, sympathy and well wishes for a deceased person. He was a kind, caring and well-loved family man. May he rest in peace
Cross the line: behave in a way that is not acceptable. This newspaper has crossed the line. This article is so offensive to so many people
